---
title: "Chapter 561: Preliminary Call (2)"
weight: 561
---
<p data-uid="5bdbbb0b-5dac-47cd-8db6-994135fbd276"><span>In front of Cheonho Best Elementary School, the moment I saw the newly updated schedule entry, I opened the driver's door and got out of the car.</span></p><p data-uid="45c3f78a-e1c6-49e3-ae43-d1888aaba66e"><span>Without hesitation, I rushed straight toward Yoo-Jin, who was in the middle of an interview.</span></p><p data-uid="88743d86-5ee6-4766-8c22-ef256bbdfb99"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="6f2b1b2f-543d-4582-811e-3001fb100506"><span>[Date: January 13, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="bec6aa77-d0ab-4810-b6db-dfa22c59de3e"><span>-10:00 p.m. [NEW. Jung Yoo-Jin] Entertainment Everywhere: "Lead actress J from a fusion historical drama assaults a KBC reporter during school coverage!" (Meeting agenda: File a protest with KBC. Respond aggressively to false reports about Jung Yoo-Jin.)</span></p><p data-uid="6dc6cfd4-0831-4221-aad8-a943ce36b73f"><span>So the one with bad intentions mentioned in Fortune of the Day was the KBC reporter.</span></p><p data-uid="d7867a4f-ef24-4315-8bb0-47db4989d359"><span>Yoo-Jin would never strike someone without a reason, but even so, it was best to avoid any confrontation. After all, even a minor incident could affect the viewership ratings of <em>Hwaranjeon</em>, which was premiering today.</span></p><p data-uid="29c99607-9ad6-4abc-9603-407907682aed"><span>At that exact moment, KBC's reporter Choi Sang-Yeon had his microphone thrust toward Yoo-Jin. I picked up my pace and just barely managed to slide between Yoo-Jin and Choi Sang-Yeon.</span></p><p data-uid="224749f9-cadc-4ffb-85a8-77f38777aa9a"><span>I quickly pulled Yoo-Jin behind me. Then, I addressed Choi Sang-Yeon, who still had the mic in hand. "Mr. Choi, let's end the interview here. We're a bit pressed for time."</span></p><p data-uid="2eb7f8df-c686-40d6-9a4d-d156ab2b30a9"><span>Choi Sang-Yeon frowned. "<em>Oh</em>, come on~ but you've got to give me a quick one. I've been here waiting for over two hours."</span></p><p data-uid="a73fd3f9-9b40-4d59-9560-d2c625c6d020"><span>I hesitated briefly, but refusing outright might just give him an excuse to twist the story. In the end, I agreed to a short interview, but only with distance between us.</span></p><p data-uid="1c026ed3-8c7d-4fdd-bd53-d66921f86586"><span>"You have just one minute, okay?"</span></p><p data-uid="da0d6977-2518-4e11-a145-6ae26af8eccc"><span>Choi Sang-Yeon nodded and extended the mic to...</span></p>