---
title: "Chapter 466: Dancer'S Dream (3)"
weight: 466
---
<p data-uid="fffb3448-6496-402c-bf74-411be171f284"><span>Yeon Hwa-Seon murmured, "This... is me."</span></p><p data-uid="50636807-7a62-47c9-87bb-ba864a681755"><span>The next video on the phone showed a younger Yeon Hwa-Seon with black hair, performing a dance.</span></p><p data-uid="eac4cf52-5ef6-4a55-b408-43e991bbc5f5"><span>I answered, "Yes, it's footage from 1998 when the remains of the independence fighters brought back from Kazakhstan were interred at the Daejeon National Cemetery."</span></p><p data-uid="3bf423bc-ea3b-4a5b-af91-32e2ac6070d3"><span>On the small screen, Yeon Hwa-Seon performed the solemn Jinhonmu. Her movements were dignified and evocative as if soothing the spirits of the deceased.</span></p><p data-uid="6c6a1ebb-cb0d-4095-b533-9034367318e2"><span>This very dance had served as the reference for the Jinhonmu performed by Yoo-Jin's disguised character "Manshin Wol-Ah" in<em> In the Name of God</em>. With its far superior expressiveness compared to the typical Jinhonmu of shamans, Yeon Hwa-Seon's version was the obvious choice for the reference.</span></p><p data-uid="36c3d1e9-ef6e-40e7-b28a-31e0a85872b0"><span>Yeon Hwa-Seon replayed the footage of "Manshin Wol-Ah's" Jinhonmu several times, marveling at it. "Did she really practice this on her own?"</span></p><p data-uid="ef02c8b8-19c6-42af-b361-34574c0c75ff"><span>"Yes. Yoo-Jin's identity as 'Manshin Wol-Ah' was a closely guarded secret at the time, so she had no choice but to practice alone. The only guidance she received was a few points for improvement from Mrs. Kim Soo-Hee."</span></p><p data-uid="aeaec55c-88d7-4a49-bca0-dfdc09fbb0e5"><span>Kim Soo-Hee was acquainted with Yeon Hwa-Seon as they had met several times before during consultations for dramas.</span></p><p data-uid="b0d7e674-d894-465c-91e7-424557107ab0"><span>"Well, Soo-Hee unnie can't dance herself, so she wouldn't have been able to teach her."</span></p><p data-uid="5bec628e-d387-4cdf-8067-16a49abfac23"><span>"Exactly. Mrs....</span></p>