---
title: "Chapter 188: Update (3)"
weight: 188
---
<p data-uid="0895ef58-5ac5-453e-902b-2f607d15e8f7">As we headed to the villa where Cocari Sweat's publicity chief was for the final advertising meeting, Ricky asked one question with a stern expression.</p><p data-uid="d615188a-855b-46f6-a6e7-d6478a3e6a2e">"Boss, who hired this guy named Chris?"</p><p data-uid="2644a12b-6839-42fe-826e-4a177dafcad8">"Chris? He's a security guard employed by our advertisers. But why do you ask?" I responded.</p><p data-uid="efcebb35-1e2c-4771-affd-62317c4332b5">After much hesitation, Ricky leaned closer and whispered, "That guy seems to be affiliated with a gang."</p><p data-uid="150a0c42-01d3-4f83-aed0-5004308bcddc">At that moment, my steps halted abruptly without realizing it.</p><p data-uid="d84d967b-dca8-44f6-a936-f256b66470b1">Yoo-Jin noticed my sudden stop and called out to me with a confused expression, "Yoon-Ho oppa?"</p><p data-uid="13c24e5f-b0f4-4e28-ac50-80c863245760">"Go ahead, I'll catch up in a minute," I reassured her quickly.</p><p data-uid="50e43b67-0e3a-4686-92d7-76a0d2efd934">Then I turned to Lee Yung-Jin and said, "Yung-Jin, take Yoo-Jin and Miso to the meeting. I need to discuss something with Ricky."</p><p data-uid="727c49fe-3284-4d16-bc0c-43bdab2649b5">"Is there a problem?" Lee Yung-Jin asked.</p><p data-uid="b3e940c9-8d7f-4b3d-8903-4a71a1674d53">I came up with an excuse. "No, I'm just trying to get some local food recommendations. Go ahead, I'll join you shortly."</p><p data-uid="8631c42e-fe50-48cf-8e0e-0fe61da8a34d">"Okay! Make sure it’s the best!" he replied cheerfully.</p><p data-uid="c50e1980-d332-4a87-9a9c-471f6c2031e8">"Sure, it's Yoo-Jin paying after all!" I replied playfully.</p><p data-uid="9e9b4852-ea92-4f88-83b1-c82aa7c2a17f">Yoo-Jin smiled. "Alright, oppa! I'm happy to treat whatever!"</p><p data-uid="5014766f-052a-4c96-b854-66360c5b593f">Yoo-Jin showed generosity unlike usual, perhaps because she was excited to be abroad.</p><p data-uid="abed8d4c-3257-45aa-8b22-d689fca9f0db">When Ricky signaled Michael with a glance, he led the others away and headed to Villa No.1 for the final meeting for the advertisement.</p><p data-uid="d9fb93ef-8078-4e6a-b3ef-effe53b4a379">As soon as they were out of earshot, I pressed Ricky for more details.</p><p data-uid="4a68ea7a-1d02-4352-b3f3-fcbd22e12abb">"Are you sure he's in a gang or is this just speculation?"</p><p data-uid="2ce5c7f3-a2f2-4cfd-bdfd-066cc040773f">"When Chris was handling the luggage,...</p>