---
title: "Chapter 887: Love Call"
weight: 887
---
<p data-uid="e06ea2be-299c-4657-a054-5013e27231d7"><span><span>"If you make Jung Yoon-Ho a man of Daechon, I'll hand Daechon Department Store to you," said Honorary Chairman Kim Bu-Ho.</span></span></p><p data-uid="743b0af9-b1d2-4a97-9d2c-4302838ca9e5"><span><span>President Lee Ha-Yoon's eyes widened.</span></span></p><p data-uid="2f417b73-cdb1-4035-a227-491468812498"><span><span>'</span><em><span>Daechon Department Store</span></em><span>…?'</span></span></p><p data-uid="8b28e3bf-d038-475f-aff7-a8c0cbad51e0"><span><span>If she gained control of the place known as the root and core of Daechon Inc., it would be no different from holding the entire conglomerate in her hands. In effect, it meant naming her as the next-in-line successor.</span></span></p><p data-uid="dc020466-ad55-46d8-bebc-0d12f608dcfe"><span><span>But as they said, the devil was in the details. Simply giving her the title of representative would make her nothing more than a figurehead. To truly possess it, she would need the shares as well.</span></span></p><p data-uid="6516dbdc-6b70-4658-90ee-1d8cc2860e5b"><span><span>Lee Ha-Yoon gulped and asked, "W-What do you mean by hand it to me? Do you mean just appointing me as the president? Or…"</span></span></p><p data-uid="53eecab8-988c-495a-ae76-8c3474f8c7aa"><span><span>"Just like your mother, you're thorough. Good. That's how you should be. Very well, I'll say it again. Of the 20 percent stake I hold in Daechon Department Store, I'll give you half—10 percent. The remaining shares must go to the next chairman. However, the transfer will take place after my death."</span></span></p><p data-uid="fccf8cc1-a633-4d4f-905f-d93de95ace4c"><span><em><span>Thump. Thump.</span></em></span></p><p data-uid="446c06f2-9858-4f24-8191-1c40bfcbeb62"><span><span>Lee Ha-Yoon's heart began pounding wildly. Her aunt, Kim Ae-Ja, currently in prison, held 10 percent of Daechon Department Store. Her mother, Kim Ae-Ryeon, held 15 percent. And Kim Bu-Ho held 20 percent.</span></span></p><p data-uid="3397d019-1320-4658-81a3-5a59de5d5f81"><span><span>If he gave her half of his stake, she could very well become the next-in-line chairman when she later inherited her mother's shares. All she had to do was make Jung Yoon-Ho her man.</span></span></p><p data-uid="0c85c085-cf45-4b9c-b62c-3fffb57fd497"><span><span>'</span><em><span>Still</span></em><span>…'</span></span></p><p data-uid="167b75e3-5cf1-4c24-80d1-ef0151e32a68"><span><span>"Then what about Joon-Sang oppa?" asked Lee Ha-Yoon.</span></span></p><p data-uid="2b602aae-d3d1-4176-81ce-3695bcc43d76"><span><span>Kim Ae-Ja had a son and a daughter—Sung Joon-Sang and Sung Hee-Jin. The eldest, Sung Joon-Sang, was studying in the United States, a top student in his final year at Harvard Business School. He was also the...</span></span></p>