---
title: "Chapter 505: Project G (1)"
weight: 505
---
<p data-uid="4fca5f4b-5dea-4644-88f0-498cce7ea15f"><span>After sending Eun-Ah back to her dorm, I accompanied Kang Gam-Chan to MBS. We were here to create a favorable atmosphere for Hoop Entertainment and to damage Ace Entertainment's reputation.</span></p><p data-uid="5e2d50d1-99b8-47bf-afe9-7b1dbca52b05"><span>By now, the only thing left for Ace Entertainment's Im Sung-Hak to do would be to influence the broadcast stations.</span></p><p data-uid="ad5f243a-d998-47b8-b029-4bfc793263e8"><span>As soon as we sat down, Choi Sang-Byung handed us coffee and brought up today's events. "I guess things aren't going well between you and Ace Entertainment lately."</span></p><p data-uid="7f8fc618-ba67-4cbf-a0ab-0d47a7e7ea3f"><span>Ace Entertainment was denying everything about today's incident with Eun-Ah, claiming it was "all groundless." However, most people in the industry weren't buying it. After the names of the plastic surgery clinic and club frequented by Lee Dong-Ju and Ahn Hee-Soo were revealed, testimonies flooded in.</span></p><p data-uid="a3c00e88-43fa-4826-843d-ad1f8ff48cf2"><span>Kang Gam-Chan nodded. "I guess they're feeling threatened because we're on the rise. I didn't expect them to make such an obvious move though."</span></p><p data-uid="5c805cd1-2a4b-4c80-8466-1a74f5192e28"><span>"Hoop Entertainment has been doing exceptionally well this year. Ace Entertainment must be jealous."</span></p><p data-uid="0bd79815-0249-4da3-a0fe-7af0e3959680"><span>Kang Gam-Chan nodded again. "Speaking of which, there's something I should tell you."</span></p><p data-uid="f9b21138-fe1f-4706-a9d3-2cc5c0aa31b6"><span>"What is it?"</span></p><p data-uid="31a97308-59b2-4f72-9091-90e8e2f172a8"><span>"We'll be merging with Gwanwoo Entertainment soon. We're looking to expand."</span></p><p data-uid="0812b3d9-f159-4875-adef-b63cda7d54c3"><span>"I heard rumors, but I didn't expect it to be true. Congratulations."</span></p><p data-uid="6af4ea3d-2570-4a2e-a73e-0d5b3442085a"><span>A merger with Gwanwoo Entertainment would instantly propel Hoop Entertainment to the third-largest company in the industry. At that size, no broadcast station could...</span></p>