---
title: "Chapter 741: Clique"
weight: 741
---
<p data-uid="2e19ad5f-747b-471a-8d65-512990dc486a"><span>Originally, the candidates who passed the China preliminaries were supposed to step off the chartered plane with smiles on their faces once the front door opened and the jet bridge connected. They were to express their excitement and joy at joining the audition program <em>Project I.O.A</em>.</span></p><p data-uid="83a8d016-7ae0-4fab-94f6-1f99455876b7"><span>However, during the flight, the kids had gotten into a fight and there was no way they could walk out smiling now.</span></p><p data-uid="bf0249a5-9dc8-43aa-a1f0-906a3172f5f7"><span>Of course, a professional idol could be pulling hair in the van and then get out arm-in-arm, blowing cheek kisses. Yet these kids were just ordinary people who didn't know how to control their emotions.</span></p><p data-uid="e80eebb1-d74b-40e2-836f-82c77b74f580"><span>What mattered more than that was the reason they had fought.</span></p><p data-uid="7b76eaff-e82b-4f4b-96a2-c8771c18902b"><span>"Wait, why did they suddenly start fighting?"</span></p><p data-uid="1e8de3c6-b014-4f45-a401-e018bb3e830f"><span>-They found out the charter ban was because of Wang Lina. But once the news spread, the Beijing and Shanghai kids started calling Wang Lina a thief, and that's how it all blew up.</span></p><p data-uid="1288a619-98b1-41a4-81a0-b037dabda641"><span>The ban on Wang Lina's entry had been lifted, which in turn lifted the ban on the charter flight. However, word got out that everyone nearly couldn't enter the country because of Wang Lina's theft charges.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="2f35f47a-2090-442b-88b3-de17096cd562"><span>It was a ridiculous situation, but canceling the airport shoot wasn't an option. After all, there were fifty reporters waiting just outside the VIP lounge.</span></p><p data-uid="6954390d-5f6f-4073-8433-16fbfe986ff8"><span>'<em>There's no way the press will let this slide</em>.'</span></p><p data-uid="2d6909af-280b-49d7-8300-84a805fed29e"><span>If the welcome shoot got canceled, they would definitely run stories blaming Wang Lina. That would cast a shadow over <em>Project I.O.A.</em> right from the start. The situation had to be smoothed over one way or another if the audition was going to kick off successfully.</span></p><p data-uid="579719da-515b-4a26-b19d-07bc307b09ab"><span>Just then, something Wang Long said got under my skin.</span></p><p data-uid="a4d3c448-9329-4133-b8bd-648862208421"><span>"What do you mean by Beijing and Shanghai ...</span></p>