---
title: "Chapter 124: Competing For The Lead Role (1)"
weight: 124
---
<p data-uid="54c7d792-43cc-40df-a705-a20d6af8a665">Lee Tae-Poong hurriedly apologized to Cha Tae-Hoon.</p><p data-uid="96c7c8a5-b0e4-4ef9-8b84-df0f7bb054ad">"Ah, sunbae-nim. I'm sorry about not greeting you earlier. It wasn't my intention to disrespect you..."</p><p data-uid="dcadf079-d052-4c44-bc78-881995a427e9">Cha Tae-Hoon silently stared at the bowing Lee Tae-Poong and smirked. "Kid, you've practiced quite a bit, haven't you? Great performance back there."</p><p data-uid="e18ce73b-ca36-413d-8549-982a2cb56039">"Thank you."</p><p data-uid="4f5e6313-c605-421a-9bf3-9775c36b3eb9">"Don't mention it. But Tae-Poong—don't try too hard."</p><p data-uid="7c88d74f-1db5-4eb5-a569-058f3d2715d8">"Excuse me?"</p><p data-uid="6d619060-636b-45a4-9480-503e4841d804">"I'm saying practicing alone won't make the lead role yours."</p><p data-uid="245f97bc-13ea-450f-82bc-3d4a0ece9994">Ju Ho-Sung added that the lead role had already been decided.</p><p data-uid="d97b1ea7-5f88-45d1-8f6f-8d11ce035b79">"Assistant Manager Jung. This might be uncomfortable to hear, but the higher-ups have already finished their discussions. Tae-Hoon has already been chosen for the lead role in this movie, so let's not embarrass yourselves."</p><p data-uid="346d3070-5e41-40f8-b768-438938e9a337">Lee Tae-Poong turned to me with a flustered expression.</p><p data-uid="19df4a78-961e-4e73-bfed-f23c71c0dfdb">Seeing this, Cha Tae-Hoon clicked his tongue and said, "Kid, don't make that face. I came here because I didn't want you to get your hopes up. But I'll talk to Mr. Choi to get you a good role."</p><p data-uid="c568a361-e79c-4e78-a2cb-8d86804ac52b">After finishing talking, Cha Tae-Hoon patted Lee Tae-Poong on the shoulder and headed to his van.</p><p data-uid="c0b593dd-06c5-461e-a4f0-71cd7666c60f">"Mr. Tae-Poong seems to have improved a lot in acting, so I'll personally push for him to get the role of Kang Ill-Rok. Don't worry," said Ju Ho-Sung as he followed behind Cha Tae-Hoon, unaware of my true intentions.</p><p data-uid="c70bab15-e4e7-40a3-af68-f5cc1390130d">The role of Kang Ill-Rok, a North Korean special forces colonel chasing the protagonist Cha Sung-Ha who kidnapped...</p>