---
title: "Chapter 441: Miso (3)"
weight: 441
---
<p data-uid="e393427c-7704-4574-90ba-79acec90a86b"><span>On the set of Episode 4, Scene 50, Choi Ji-Yung began drawing something on her and Miso's foreheads with the fake blood from her pinky finger.</span></p><p data-uid="42f98216-fe3c-4ad9-8d48-6e7c873cd4aa"><span>The strange symbols she was drawing were the goblin script used in <em>Hwaranjeon</em>. In the world of <em>Hwaranjeon,</em> only the Second Queen knew this forgotten goblin language.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="cea5dbeb-2ad8-48f4-bcfa-595301b1274b"><span>Using these symbols, the Second Queen performed a forbidden ritual to transfer her lifespan to her daughter. She left just enough years for herself until Yu-Hwa reached 18, the age when she could become queen, and offered the rest of her lifespan.</span></p><p data-uid="1dadebfe-f2b9-454e-bf33-822886888394"><span>At that moment, the goblin BiHyungRang drawn by the sacred blood of the Second Queen accepted the deal. Acting as an intermediary for the heavenly spirits he served, the goblin transferred the lifespan.</span></p><p data-uid="3dabb398-56a7-4d4a-b869-3f25f5375b7a"><span>To portray this scene, Choi Ji-Yung drew the symbols with the fake blood and clasped her hands together before she began chanting an incantation.</span></p><p data-uid="d276587a-558d-440c-8c0b-072a5e6ba146"><span>When the props team lead signaled with a hand gesture, a junior staff member from the props team quickly turned on a massive wind machine.</span></p><p data-uid="afe1150d-7320-4348-9266-c197ac7f4b73"><span><em>Whoooosh!</em></span></p><p data-uid="c5e2ed13-06b3-4155-ab2b-df58e98e2cdc"><span>As the blades of the wind machine spun, a strong gust filled the set and caused doors to rattle and shake. Everything in the princess's chamber was blown around, while the king, queens, Princesses Jeong-Hwa and Do-Hwa, and the attendants all panicked and created a commotion.</span></p><p data-uid="13328198-ff90-43f2-aa1b-11d90dc81fad"><span>『Oh my goodness!』</span></p><p data-uid="6a2e219c-3761-43c8-a9d0-1f4e56daa349"><span>『Your Majesty! Take cover!』</span></p><p data-uid="912a1cc2-7041-4f96-9893-ec1163ecb409"><span>『You must move! The goblin is coming!』</span></p><p data-uid="f5a9b4ea-2745-4080-a228-bd2e042309fc"><span>『Yes, Your Majesty! This whirlwind is surely the goblin's doing! You could be harmed. Please leave at once!』</span></p><p data-uid="f6e072fe-b699-4dc5-a50c-a4b43ce20f59"><span>Despite the attendants' frantic cries, Song Ji-Hwan stood his ground. The child actors also followed Oh Bok-Hee's detailed instructions and performed their parts with remarkable...</span></p>