---
title: "Chapter 818: What Fate Is (1)"
weight: 818
---
<p data-uid="e495eb48-bd6b-4cfe-bec1-66a5e41a055d"><span><span>-This is Chief Park Sang-Han from Taeseong Entertainment.</span></span></p><p data-uid="f42356c0-340d-420c-a4f9-4793e67dcb05"><span><span>The moment I heard Park Sang-Han's voice, I didn't hesitate for a second and tapped the 'mute my voice' option on the phone.</span></span></p><p data-uid="27ef7933-8fa1-4088-8098-28786cdfc6f6"><span><span>Taeseong Entertainment was a company that lured naive kids like Yeon Bo-Ra who didn't know much about the world with promises of stardom, only to send them off for hospitality work.</span></span></p><p data-uid="7afad47d-e0cf-4cd1-b293-7e93f0a09f64"><span><span>Though he used the title 'Chief,' Park Sang-Han was essentially the real boss with a figurehead president in place. So whenever problems arose, the figurehead took the fall while Park Sang-Han disappeared from view.</span></span></p><p data-uid="a77660f1-4790-4d23-b1c3-78498fae62f1"><span><span>And unlike five years from now, at this point in time, Taeseong Entertainment was just a tiny office. If I missed this opportunity, I might not get another chance to track Park Sang-Han down. In the meantime, Park Sang-Han would create even more victims.</span></span></p><p data-uid="08e60a61-8fc8-4f4e-997a-9f7790fbbced"><span><span>Park Sang-Han was someone I had desperately wanted to catch before my regression. Now that he had shown himself, I had to get him.</span></span></p><p data-uid="dcba2eb8-c145-4dd1-8bdb-bccb5012696e"><span><span>So after muting the call, I turned to Yeon Bo-Ra. "Bo-Ra, would it be okay if I held on to your phone just for today? You're going to get nonstop calls from talent agents and reporters like this guy, and stuff like that should be handled by your talent agent. I promise I'll return it tonight."</span></span></p><p data-uid="cdaf41e3-edf3-430e-b6f9-ce0400ef4859"><span><span>Yeon Bo-Ra didn't hesitate and nodded calmly. "Sure. I heard celebrities usually leave their phones with their talent agents. Is it because of calls like this?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="7a091445-58cb-4082-ac70-d81967370060"><span><span>"Yeah, exactly. Reporters, random people—they'll all be calling. I just need to filter a few things today."</span></span></p><p data-uid="9043e1d2-b90a-4df7-988a-c121e69e316a"><span><span>"Okay. But I'd still like it back before the evening just in case my friends try to contact me. </span><em><span>Oh</span></em><span>, and the passcode is 0357."</span></span></p><p data-uid="7b3a27f5-2aba-4b80-8cf7-8d5d5c2303c4"><span><span>"Got it. I won't do anything except screen unknown numbers, so don't worry."</span></span></p><p data-uid="1fe2154a-c9d2-4126-8037-8c6fc08d8e2d"><span><span>"Okay!"</span></span></p><p data-uid="1dcce464-ccaf-4d39-9965-a223c3204d62"><span><span>Now that I had Yeon Bo-Ra's phone, I immediately...</span></span></p>