---
title: "Chapter 598: Moral Laws In Family Relationships (3)"
weight: 598
---
<p data-uid="2ce0b9c4-69a3-466b-8c34-ce3ee56ac2d3"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="274675cd-5c4a-4ea1-a108-d359c883767f"><span>[Date: March 7, 2022]</span></p><p data-uid="97fa2a70-52e8-43b8-a2c1-653649d86c3d"><span>-10:00 p.m. &lt;Entertainment Everywhere&gt;. "Actress Baek Eun-Joo sues Director of Gangnam A Plastic Surgery Clinic for surrogate surgery." (Note: Compile a list of celebrities who had surgery at 'Kind People Plastic Surgery' and place it on Chief's desk.)</span></p><p data-uid="fc324f50-9e7c-4ea9-9321-98c142d14c16"><span>Baek Eun-Joo was from Ace Entertainment, a young actress who had just turned 23. With her round shaped face and well-defined features, she was known as a natural beauty who hadn't had any procedures like Botox. In truth, she had undergone minor procedures.</span></p><p data-uid="6f004285-1523-46c4-9cba-cf6b74d18b41"><span>As in my previous life, Baek Eun-Joo had landed her first lead role in <em>Princess Lotus Blossom</em>. Filming was scheduled to begin next month, and soon she would undergo a minor revision for her often-loosening inner double eyelids, as directed by the agency.</span></p><p data-uid="c23ed3ef-5fab-4e19-851c-38c6b97279e2"><span>It was such a simple procedure taking only thirty minutes that no one worried. But Director Han Joon-Tae, who lacked surgical skill, handed the procedure over to a medical equipment sales rep known as the Golden Hands.</span></p><p data-uid="2a212df6-5204-4ef0-8602-bd97e9acf563"><span>At first, everyone praised how perfectly the surgery turned out. But within a week, problems arose: Baek Eun-Joo lost the ability to fully close one eye. As a result, she was left with a permanent disability and retired from the entertainment industry.</span></p><p data-uid="b13bb3b3-88b1-4c0b-85c0-e7fc47215dc1"><span>The reason I hadn't recognized Han Joon-Tae as the culprit sooner was because the hospital had a different name when the article came out.</span></p><p data-uid="84467612-d8ea-457e-92ca-c234b73e1c63"><span>It wasn't Beautiful People Plastic Surgery back then,...</span></p>