---
title: "Chapter 273: Team Lead Wang Long (4)"
weight: 273
---
<p data-uid="a0f2893a-3b0d-4350-8c7e-0212a3c12715"><span>The moment Wang Long heard that Zhang Xuan was forcing Ju Yung-In to pour drinks, he couldn't contain his anger and erupted.</span></p><p data-uid="e33cfe3a-6fd2-4fcf-8b99-8616b4d4fb7c"><span>"Where the hell is that bastard Zhang Xuan right now?" Wang Long yelled.</span></p><p data-uid="f72bbf7d-2a43-4a3c-a0ed-9001249465e8"><span>Wang Long was the son of Wang Min, the deputy secretary of Shenzhen. Privately, he addressed the president of Shanghai New Media Inc, as "uncle." His true identity was kept under wraps within the company and known only to the president until now. However, he was ready to take this opportunity to reveal his identity to Zhang Xuan.</span></p><p data-uid="77dec260-1f2b-468c-8619-624293da1aad"><span>"He's at a club called Le Parmang about five minutes away from here by car," I answered.</span></p><p data-uid="c27c01aa-9522-4072-9cd2-4767882714fc"><span>"Is that so? Hold on a second."</span></p><p data-uid="91a85a2f-7eac-47f9-883f-f8a465717fae"><span>Taking advantage of a pause in the club music, Wang Long made a phone call. Though I couldn't understand the fast Chinese, I was able to catch a few key phrases like "uncle," "that bastard," "company's disgrace," and "can't you get rid of him?"</span></p><p data-uid="aadbc61c-4bab-4107-b411-6d79d636d362"><span>Once Wang Long ended the call, the loud club music resumed.</span></p><p data-uid="454f378b-9006-4d3a-9f23-f97aa0384ca2"><span>"Let's go quickly," Wang Long said to me.</span></p><p data-uid="ac65150d-ab54-43c2-8f49-ca59c2136322"><span>We got up from the table and headed straight outside. Having found a taxi waiting near the club entrance, we jumped in right away and urgently told the driver our destination.</span></p><p data-uid="5b184a01-e154-4870-9c7c-305fadada684"><span>"To Le Parmang, please! We need to hurry!"</span></p><p data-uid="166e924f-2c52-486c-8327-21575cc4f7e3"><span>The driver frowned at the short distance that won't even take five minutes, but his expression changed instantly when Wang Long pulled out a $100 bill.</span></p><p data-uid="2c5f6ab9-eefe-430d-968a-25f4c33213c5"><span>"Hold on tight! I used to be a racer in Itaewon...</span></p>