---
title: "Chapter 796: Schemer (3)"
weight: 796
---
<p data-uid="3359d897-0016-461f-8598-22844beeafd6"><span><span>"I'll tell you how to save Jinseong Inc.'s money pit—the Yeongjongdo resort."</span></span></p><p data-uid="12a023a6-6a58-4c6d-80a7-d48309c40c51"><span><span>The massive Jinseong Resort on Yeongjongdo in Incheon, completed early last year, was a colossal project fueled by huge budgets from all of Jinseong Inc.'s subsidiaries.</span></span></p><p data-uid="51a6bb87-8494-4578-9d06-bea2443e5dfc"><span><span>Yet despite its top-tier facilities, it was bleeding money due to a lack of tourists. Its enormous event halls remained practically empty because no one wanted to host anything that far out in Incheon.</span></span></p><p data-uid="6670588e-abf5-4135-bc27-3f4598ca0679"><span><span>Acting President Jin Ah-Ram had been doing everything she could to revive the resort, but nothing had worked so far. And now I was claiming to have the solution.</span></span></p><p data-uid="3870b535-191c-4eb1-818f-1af2a2672b9b"><span><span>Jin Dae-Woon, who had been furious about his company's loss of face, began to show genuine curiosity.</span></span></p><p data-uid="baefd1eb-9172-4475-ae88-c976ea92c25d"><span><span>"If you really can stop the bleeding at that place, Jinseong Inc.'s stock would definitely get a boost. Jinseong Construction, Jinseong Foods, Jinseong Hotel, and Jinseong International all poured resources into it. Alright then, let's hear it. What's the plan?" Jin Dae-Woon asked.</span></span></p><p data-uid="77b4beff-615e-4fed-918a-1415dfd61e50"><span><span>"We turn Jinseong Resort into a K-POP sanctuary."</span></span></p><p data-uid="75921814-fc97-4c53-a6e7-9531f2ec4268"><span><span>"A K-POP sanctuary?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="89bbb2cd-b7e9-4caa-b394-70af9d615bce"><span><span>"Yes. First, we host the second elimination round of </span><em><span>Project I.O.A.</span></em><span> at the Yeongjongdo resort, two weeks from now."</span></span></p><p data-uid="21dc58f3-502d-479b-b59c-13e28cd82127"><span><em><span>Project I.O.A.</span></em><span> was a hit not only in Korea, but also across China and Japan. If fans could watch the performances live and witness the elimination process in person, they would have no choice but to book rooms at the resort's hotel.</span></span></p><p data-uid="8400fe74-540d-4c3f-a7ff-815339c25db5"><span><span>"Well, if you offer the first pick of tickets to hotel guests, people will book just to see the show. That would liven up the resort. But do you really think one concert is enough to turn the whole place around?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="dc567b64-3090-497c-935b-4b85d7257d26"><span><span>"Not right away, of course. But if several...</span></span></p>