---
title: "Chapter 563: Karma (1)"
weight: 563
---
<p data-uid="dd9a004b-2c89-4d1e-ae74-45059068b568"> <span>KBC's culture department head, Lee Gyu-Jin, mentioned the name of the broadcasting station's president, but I didn't back down. I was planning to remove Park Chan-Sik of KBC from his position anyway.</span></p><p data-uid="63a4c270-d99b-4475-ae4d-1dfc0bebb328"><span>In an instant, Lee Gyu-Jin, who had been speaking politely, switched to informal speech. "<em>Hah. </em>You arrogant bastard, what is up with that tone? Hey, Chief Jung. Just because I speak nicely, do you think it's persuasion?"</span></p><p data-uid="9eec0dcb-fbab-4402-878a-80ddcae2efb2"><span>"Of course not. It sounded like a threat from the beginning. Since it's the broadcasting station's president's doing, a mere chief from an entertainment company like you should stay quiet. Isn't that what you meant?"</span></p><p data-uid="05309829-e5f3-49a4-831d-c8803d49b1b3"><span>"Exactly. So think it over while I'm still being nice. If you keep being uncooperative, we might have to shut Hoop Entertainment down. Got it?"</span></p><p data-uid="f5de5c81-409d-4c27-bbdf-a765c930f260"><span>Now, Lee Gyu-Jin was trying to use the power of the broadcasting station to force me to my knees. To him, the idea of an employee from an entertainment company standing up to the broadcasting station was unthinkable. After all, a broadcasting station held the upper hand.</span></p><p data-uid="4cc65361-349f-4888-9e06-0bd4ff25de77"><span>However, I had no intention of backing down. If I backed off here, then next time, my actor would have to back off. Especially when a reporter had snuck into a school full of kids, taken photos of Miso, and done all sorts of things to find weaknesses, the line of what I could tolerate had been crossed long ago.</span></p><p data-uid="b31b66ce-2443-423f-92e3-8a6b5a468c04"><span>"I don't know about that. I wonder who will be the one shutting down whom?"</span></p><p data-uid="d171b3ce-9b77-4690-95eb-becf6ddaba35"><span>There was no point in continuing the conversation. I turned around and headed back inside the police station.</span></p><p data-uid="616f86fe-bc0e-48ed-b630-c7a5fa7303b6"><span>"Chief Jung! Hey! Stop right there!"</span></p><p data-uid="d653b044-c51c-42cf-9455-7fb8fe3dcd69"><span>Lee Gyu-Jin shouted from behind and raised his voice, but I ignored him and walked into the police station. Now that I knew who was really behind Hyun Sang-Beom,...</span></p>