---
title: "Chapter 392: Hwaranjeon Script Reading (3)"
weight: 392
---
<p data-uid="d9dc0f4f-8a6a-47d6-b83a-fc9af1adf658"><span>During the script reading for <em>Hwaranjeon</em>, rookie actress Min Gyu-Ri stormed out of the room after Oh Bok-Hee scolded her.</span></p><p data-uid="2e78bdfd-3b4a-4e48-b42e-0d683dfcf714"><span>Oh Bok-Hee immediately called for Min Gyu-Ri's talent agent, Jang Sam-Duk from TNT Entertainment, who entered in a panic.</span></p><p data-uid="46e287a3-b365-458a-95c5-eaabadc16e67"><span>Jang Sam-Duk pleaded with Oh Bok-Hee. "M-Mrs. Oh, she's just a rookie and who doesn't know any better…"</span></p><p data-uid="92e88825-3433-46e7-97a6-643ff8972d51"><span>Oh Bok-Hee fumed and raised her voice. "No matter how new they are, shouldn't rookies be taught the basics before coming here?"</span></p><p data-uid="5dd768c2-0913-42f3-8450-c488fe4f90cb"><span>"I-I'm sorry. I think she was just really startled. So please, I'm begging you…"</span></p><p data-uid="18c2445b-122f-4deb-9ff2-953ab27010e6"><span>"That's enough. If you don't want her role cut right now, get your company's president in here."</span></p><p data-uid="de6b09d3-dd98-4334-9004-d6b19f246c97"><span>"Mrs. Oh, please! Just give us one more chance…"</span></p><p data-uid="a7fafc83-11b9-4ea9-ab8d-67b04ce8043e"><span>Oh Bok-Hee's eyes flashed as she raised her voice. "Did you not hear me? Shall I just cut her role right now?"</span></p><p data-uid="e3112722-adc6-4a16-8f04-eba8b237ebbd"><span>"N-no, I'll call the president right away."</span></p><p data-uid="62b0d613-2361-42df-b4e4-cc07119d639f"><span>Although Min Gyu-Ri was the one at fault, only her talent agent from TNT Entertainment was taking the heat.</span></p><p data-uid="7afa5763-7ba7-4bc6-b415-5f28e05566f5"><span>In the end, the script reading session was cut short.</span></p><p data-uid="b8e73ebc-e511-476a-b06b-3784f56dc66f"><span>Trying to calm herself, Oh Bok-Hee addressed everyone. "I would appreciate it if everyone kept today's events to themselves. If rumors spread, it will hurt all of us. You know what I mean, right?"</span></p><p data-uid="90137cf8-6cd0-4641-8f56-59e855397ea5"><span>Oh Bok-Hee looked around, making it clear that any broadcasting issues should stay internal. The actors nodded and they agreed to reconvene for another script reading in three days.</span></p><p data-uid="d482adea-98c1-461f-b87c-f0a0104a73b2"><span>"The show will begin filming at the Gyeongju set next week, so please coordinate your schedules to avoid any conflicts."</span></p><p data-uid="1296a2d7-c797-4df9-8dbe-b293a4c3d43d"><span>Actors and staff nodded...</span></p>