---
title: "Chapter 433: Interview (3)"
weight: 433
---
<p data-uid="836a13ca-0719-4546-9954-f5caa64bc3fa"><span>After giving a direct call to MBS' President Choi Sang-Byung to report the situation at <em>Weekly Star</em>, I contacted Oh Bok-Hee and Han Woo-Ju as well. Of course, I intentionally left out Choi Min-Jun's name.</span></p><p data-uid="5fcbe99b-485d-4dfe-be07-bfa0031d9cc9"><span>Choi Sang-Byung ended the call with a cold voice. Meanwhile, Oh Bok-Hee, who was at the MBS station, erupted in a rage and spat out curses. Han Woo-Ju simply responded that she would head to the station. After all, targeting Yoo-Jin meant jeopardizing the success of <em>Hwaranjeon</em>.</span></p><p data-uid="0d5501a3-dc80-4dfb-9c0f-705399a61257"><span>By only thinking of his own actors, Yoo Kang-Seok had overlooked something important.</span></p><p data-uid="458ac1d0-cca3-4a6c-89e5-c9223ccc21e4"><span>As soon as my call ended, Choi Min-Jun asked awkwardly with a nervous expression, "Uh, Team Lead Jung, <em>hahaha</em>... W-we're still good, right? I even promised to return the money earlier."</span></p><p data-uid="bd74fdd0-8270-4a2f-ae23-cbe606c3bc84"><span>Choi Min-Jun knew that if MBS' top executives came after him, he wouldn't be able to withstand it. Understandably, Choi Min-Jun's face was filled with tension.</span></p><p data-uid="a0cebad8-c5d9-485f-aa18-28266a1101f1"><span>I replied, "Don't worry. I won't ever mention your name. In return, please make sure today's mess is cleaned up neatly."</span></p><p data-uid="6c069e2c-198f-4a42-9b22-83ed195125ed"><span>"Y-yeah, of course. Oh, and you can look forward to today's article. I'll make it the best."</span></p><p data-uid="24be649d-5405-4442-8ac1-64f46b70e36a"><span>"I'll hold you to that."</span></p><p data-uid="3780ceff-0321-4342-9cc1-70d9c3a05baf"><span>The worst article was about to transform into the best one. Moments like these reminded me that I might be better at threats than persuasion.</span></p><p data-uid="5a8200a8-f1d1-4aaa-bd09-6a8ad2a6de8c"><span>At that moment, Choi Min-Jun stood up and pointed outside. "Team Lead Jung, shall we head out for the rest of the interviews?"</span></p><p data-uid="7ee53b33-46dd-42ba-9db3-9244b15ff778"><span>"Yes, let's do that."</span></p><p data-uid="0ff02e0e-a8a8-409d-997e-7a78e566169e"><span>With the tables turned, my shoulders and steps brimmed with the confidence...</span></p>