---
title: "Chapter 681: Plotting (1)"
weight: 681
---
<p data-uid="491f795b-7351-403a-988d-a9959a260602"><span>Chapter: Plotting (1)</span></p><p data-uid="ab083dc4-7b00-4fa5-b11c-ecef90c146ec"> </p><p data-uid="67b78e22-3823-4769-b007-ec8383775a6a"><span>At 4 a.m., I arrived at Choi Eun-Tae's house in Myeong-Dong. As I parked in front of the brightly lit house, Jang Ki-Ho, the youngest executive of Daeheung Savings Bank, approached with a few bodyguards.</span></p><p data-uid="584d05f7-fadb-4a11-8dee-e880d87d0d43"><span>"Hey, Chief Jung. I heard you got back from Japan?"</span></p><p data-uid="788f0ac1-a6ba-4edb-86c8-4a8a216e4382"><span>I stepped out of the car and greeted Jang Ki-Ho. "Yes, sir."</span></p><p data-uid="ff41d565-7f69-4073-9988-0183a8904577"><span>"Leave your car key here and head in. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Kang Gam-Chan, and Mr. Jang are waiting for you."</span></p><p data-uid="2385c07f-ab3f-4b2f-a076-2db1289cbd9f"><span>Usually, someone of Jang Ki-Ho's rank at Korea's top savings bank wouldn't personally come out to guide someone. But for Choi Eun-Tae, he didn't shy away from doing the dirty work. I handed my car key to the guards and followed Jang Ki-Ho.</span></p><p data-uid="8e033afb-24cf-419b-ad66-96e023733a16"><span>That's when Jang Ki-Ho said casually, "To be honest... I didn't expect you to go this far. I thought only my eldest brother could take down Choi Man-Sik."</span></p><p data-uid="341f7eb0-4c7d-4fca-a6e2-099c69a7b3c9"><span>By eldest brother, he meant Choi Yung-Ho, president of Daeheung Savings Bank—a man capable of standing up to Choi Man-Sik in every way. However, in the previous timeline, he hadn't been able to overcome Choi Man-Sik. That was because Choi Man-Sik had something Choi Yung-Ho lacked: venom.</span></p><p data-uid="9771931d-cbf2-432c-b8fa-c502f089eb0a"><span>I briefly recalled those memories before the regression but pretended to know nothing.</span></p><p data-uid="97159cf9-983c-404b-8321-fa2a2b0ffa9d"><span>"I was just lucky."</span></p><p data-uid="91fdd13d-d067-476d-9fc0-22e146f30e86"><span>"Come on~ There's no need to be humble with me. Everyone, including our eldest brother, knows what you've done. But from now on... stay sharp....</span></p>