---
title: "Chapter 651: Valentine'S Day Gift (2)"
weight: 651
---
<p data-uid="152ac1ca-20b3-46d2-9927-ccdc115bd8a4"><span><em>Buzz~ Buzz~</em></span></p><p data-uid="12d8399f-8b5c-4c80-979b-24ddd092c9a9"><span>My phone vibrated continuously as a flood of Kk Talk messages came in.</span></p><p data-uid="7d137f45-4870-4cd9-b405-e76760fbbf7f"><span>Sae-Ri's Valentine's Day gift was a set of scheduled messages sent collectively by the Cherry Blossom members.</span></p><p data-uid="ec712e5a-e094-41fa-8fef-1b26e6875220"><span>[Sae-Ri: Yoon-Ho oppa! Happy Valentine's Day! Unnies and I planned this together and scheduled these messages. So what I'm trying to say is~ thank you for always watching over us and taking care of us! I'm only who I am today because of you. You know I'm always grateful, right? The real Valentine's Day gift will be given tonight in Cheonho-dong~ Bye!]</span></p><p data-uid="d38e6680-50ba-415c-ad10-be4f853dbed3"><span>[Woo Yeon-Hee: Yoon-Ho oppa, I'm in an audition right now so I scheduled this message. I always feel thankful and sorry seeing how busy you are taking care of us. But you know we trust you, right? Thank you always. (ps. Sae-Ri insisted we give the gifts later.)]</span></p><p data-uid="7df9819f-5deb-430d-8d12-330514db4fbf"><span>[Yoo Eun-Ah: Oppa, it's Eun-Ah. Happy Valentine's Day~ I wanted to say this first thing in the morning… but Sae-Ri wanted to do a surprise event, so we timed it. Thank you for encouraging me to try acting. I think my shy personality is slowly changing thanks to you. Ah, I'll give you the gift later. See you soon. (ps. You're not mad because we contacted you late, right? If so, I'm sorry.)]</span></p><p data-uid="9dffc5b0-e5d6-41a0-baef-e076c2e5bb65"><span>[Yang Eun-Bi: Yoon-Ho oppa. Thank you for always taking care of clumsy Sae-Ri, shy Eun-Ah, and worrywart Yeon-Hee unnie. But we can't do without you, so you better not leave us. Got it? Please keep watching over the four of us just like now. Oh, and happy Valentine's...</span></p>