---
title: "Chapter 214: New Beginning (2)"
weight: 214
---
<p data-uid="66595e85-6764-48a1-b104-5ae58646a900">Kang Ha-Na's enchanting timbre vividly revealed her soul and emotions, captivating me completely.</p><p data-uid="be6c089d-3f2c-437a-867e-6dc9888a7f08">Because of this reason, I momentarily put aside my questions about why they had moved the recording studio and started to immerse myself in Kang Ha-Na's singing.</p><p data-uid="667819dd-ab03-4c5a-85f2-de90afc6743c">『People say I can't do it. In painful moments, in hard times, they say it's all my fault. But I was a fool to not realize all that was just irresponsible meddling. So I mustered the courage although I was afraid. At that moment, a small path appeared before me. Hello, a different me from yesterday, hi~. Say goodbye to the hard days, bye~ A path no one else has taken, who knows if at the end of that path there might be a leprechaun's pot of gold at the end of the rainbow or an oasis in the desert. If I just stopped here, I'd be a mere ant struggling forever in a desert's antlion pit. So I took a step forward. Although I'm small like an ant, and my steps are short, the fact remains that I'm moving forward. Hello, a different me from yesterday, hi~ Say goodbye to the hard days, bye~...』</p><p data-uid="132117eb-9cdc-470e-90f9-64c9213fb5bb">The lyrics spoke of forgetting the pains from the past caused by those around her and taking on a new life. Kang Ha-Na was expressing her determination to walk her own path despite all the struggles with her unique voice.</p><p data-uid="03f31943-9292-4c4f-af1c-732553fa40a4">Yet desperation was also evident in her voice, perhaps because she thought that her failure to debut...</p>