---
title: "Chapter 394: Han Hyun-Ho (1)"
weight: 394
---
<p data-uid="ccf7a5ab-108c-4c6a-8505-20b0eaa712c0"><span>When Han Woo-Ju saw the large orange Hermos gift box, she was so perplexed that she stared blankly.</span></p><p data-uid="21cd9f66-bfe5-43f0-9bfd-c028167c6615"><span>Even Lee Ji-Yeon seemed taken aback as if she hadn't anticipated something of this scale.</span></p><p data-uid="fb633a72-5b89-4c1d-ae66-fc0b94bfad85"><span>The previous gifts had mainly been fine delicacies like dried yellow corvina, matsutake mushrooms, and premium Hanwoo, but Yoo Kang-Seok's generosity was on a different level.</span></p><p data-uid="ca5277f4-e21d-45e0-af89-82049e1e0660"><span>I had also used this strategy myself occasionally in my past life, and it turned out that such extravagant gifts had surprisingly strong effects.</span></p><p data-uid="e6dc108c-ec5d-4ec3-bca9-a56c46db26a6"><span>When people received such an expensive gift, they typically reacted in one of two ways.</span></p><p data-uid="06dc1371-cdfc-4ea9-867f-7d54e7718b4b"><span>The first was to accept it with some reluctance, in which case they 100% helped me with my request. The second was to flat-out refuse. They sometimes got angry as they refused, but that didn't actually matter.</span></p><p data-uid="14ac21d0-c440-4568-b8e7-ef2c8e6467e6"><span>As long as my intent—that I regard them seriously enough to offer this kind of gift—was conveyed, things tended to smooth out later on.</span></p><p data-uid="d2cd3c10-fe9a-4a37-8a89-49136e6fc982"><span>However, with her limited experience, Han Woo-Ju didn't fall into either category.</span></p><p data-uid="fb97c90d-9190-4a33-b1cf-9d909614b377"><span>The moment Yoo Kang-Seok saw Han Woo-Ju completely at a loss of words, he took the opportunity to bow deeply. "Please take good care of Gyu-Ri for us. She made a big mistake today, but she's genuinely talented. I'm giving you this purely as a gesture of apology. There's absolutely no other reason."</span></p><p data-uid="cfb7d938-20b6-470d-90a4-c10374b220c3"><span>Han Woo-Ju looked at me with her eyes pleading for help.</span></p><p data-uid="91743cb6-6833-43f8-8901-87a7465a4df7"><span>I immediately addressed Yoo Kang-Seok. "Mr. Yoo, it seems like Miss Han feels quite uncomfortable, so I believe it's best to take it...</span></p>