---
title: "Chapter 472: Jinseong Inc (2)"
weight: 472
---
<p data-uid="4064521c-97cd-4528-b37b-716caf201d4f"><span>Jung Dae-Yoon asked, "Are you suggesting we sample the coffee at temperatures matching those of a warming cabinet, room temperature, and a refrigerator?..."</span></p><p data-uid="85625a6b-7552-4c7e-8d49-e53c89f54bcf"><span>Convenience store warming cabinets typically maintained a temperature of 50–60°C, refrigerators around 6°C, and room temperature averaged around 22°C. Jung Dae-Yoon quickly grasped the reasoning behind my instructions.</span></p><p data-uid="16f41913-2d6e-4a3a-b4cf-d91cc13150d9"><span>I nodded and answered, "Yes. Since Ready-to-Drink coffee is primarily consumed at convenience stores, I thought it would be best to match those conditions."</span></p><p data-uid="68e59455-6c82-4459-8a63-bc0318e95372"><span>"<em>Ha ha</em>. You've caught us off guard. I didn't expect such expertise. While we do perform these kinds of tests before finalizing products, this approach should be incorporated earlier, even during development. This will be helpful for our future research as well."</span></p><p data-uid="4e602604-16ac-4559-b1e7-49e7d7d9d8f2"><span>At that moment, Jin Sung-Joon shrugged and smiled. "See? I told you not to underestimate Mr. Jung."</span></p><p data-uid="314cdea1-a435-4f9d-a1a7-4c14cfed3fe0"><span>Jung Dae-Yoon nodded. "To be honest, when I heard he handled blending, I thought he was just good at brewing coffee. I didn't realize he had considered commercialization so thoroughly."</span></p><p data-uid="050e6138-92a4-4462-b16e-56a8247a6022"><span>"Exactly. So don't dismiss his ideas just because he's not from our company. Treat his input as a directive from me and the other directors will respect it."</span></p><p data-uid="41c787bc-f2e4-4e0e-9d54-3bfa66960fc0"><span>"Of course. That goes without saying. By the way, setting up everything to match the specified temperatures will take about five minutes. Is that alright?"</span></p><p data-uid="63650d96-410e-4f1b-aaea-b343c018b3d9"><span>"That's fine. Take your time."</span></p><p data-uid="aba3b4d2-bced-4c55-b0e9-89819f0613b4"><span>After a slight bow, Jung Dae-Yoon headed toward the tasting...</span></p>