---
title: "Chapter 716: Angel'S Gift (2)"
weight: 716
---
<p data-uid="30aaaa0c-352f-4259-a49c-d003c9baedd1"><span>In Chae Mi-Hyun's home in Jeju Island, her younger brother Chae Seok-Hyun had run into the house the moment he saw us. It was because some men had jumped the wall and bullied him the night before.</span></p><p data-uid="a2ad6396-3e61-4819-96df-7cc9c4a6fb6e"><span>I asked Park Eun-Chan to pause the shoot for a moment, then immediately called the security team that had come with Kang Eun-Gi.</span></p><p data-uid="fa369c5f-1fc9-46e5-a34f-f71ed6f8aa2c"><span>"Soo-Chan, I need a favor."</span></p><p data-uid="7e89c1b8-936d-46e2-9d66-d641b22f8662"><span>-Yes, hyung-nim.</span></p><p data-uid="0912e3eb-c2ba-42bc-9484-235edd0133ff"><span>"Leave one team here on site, and send the other two to track someone down."</span></p><p data-uid="416477fe-d843-4ac3-8979-d5e23fb13901"><span>There were a total of three teams that had come with Kang Eun-Gi. The first team consisted of Lee Soo-Chan and the boys from Reverse Entertainment. The second team was from TOP Security, the agency regularly responsible for protecting Division Jung's household hired by Reverse Entertainment. The third was a private security team sent by Choi Eun-Tae.</span></p><p data-uid="fb739585-4995-42b1-b13d-9cbdfbb9fee8"><span>-Who exactly are we tracking?</span></p><p data-uid="61db6581-9b34-4ca4-824d-8ecf13dbe494"><span>"Last night, some punks climbed over the wall and bullied Ms. Chae Mi-Hyun's younger brother while he was playing in the yard. He has autism, so he couldn't even defend himself. It happened around 8 p.m..."</span></p><p data-uid="241ed562-e762-4cc8-8e52-f0894f69bc6c"><span>-Understood. Please describe them.</span></p><p data-uid="7f76ade7-2bfd-4639-956e-dc6b79f4049c"><span>When I looked at Chae Mi-Hyun's grandmother, she described what she remembered. "They were in their mid-twenties, about 180 centimeters tall. There were three of them. One had yellow-dyed hair, another was wearing earrings, and the third had a thick gold chain. He was quite large."</span></p><p data-uid="b310e5df-4615-4b93-8034-60ce7983b789"><span>Because there were plenty of hotels and guesthouses near the Jungmun Complex in Jeju, she suspected they were tourists staying nearby.</span></p><p data-uid="44902115-dcde-4b4a-bda4-cfe6ba957419"><span>They had once installed a security camera, but after a hacking scare, they had taken it all down. That meant the...</span></p>