---
title: "Chapter 221: Family (3)"
weight: 221
---
<p data-uid="db1a0ec9-dc00-4db0-9b5d-3330ab745e99">I nodded as I watched Mom hesitating before speaking. “Yes, go ahead.”</p><p data-uid="20c23e65-2923-4e38-b3db-269aaec93230">Mom kept glancing at me before speaking. “Can you forgive Eun-Gi and Yeon-Sil now? This is for your sake. I don't want to see my son living with hatred in his heart.”</p><p data-uid="578284b7-5363-42ca-b852-a74d6f397f0b">To be honest, I had already expected this kind of talk—maybe that was the reason I hadn’t come here until now. But Mom sincerely hoped I would forgive them for my good. She wanted me to start afresh without being tied to the past anymore.</p><p data-uid="6166ce38-dde4-4b52-b177-6ce36bee6310">I looked at Mom’s awkward smile and said, “I'll forgive them if you go for a health check-up without any complaints.”</p><p data-uid="b2c61342-0636-4baa-b15c-c8b724953635">At that moment, Mom looked as happy as a child. “Really?”</p><p data-uid="badf9b96-ded9-4ad7-9ff4-cd7f480b855c">“Yes. I’ve booked a health check-up for you on the 15th. So we’ll all meet with Eun-Gi and Yeon-Sil together after that.”</p><p data-uid="f0909305-b3f6-4d1d-85c3-ad136d906b91">“Th-that sounds good.”</p><p data-uid="f4d9cd3a-7dcc-4eaf-ba4a-2298b210ed15">That's when Mom and Sister Grace made the sign of the cross and began to pray.</p><p data-uid="d133a26f-5586-4f30-ab31-6a1d739d52bb">‘<em>What have I done to deserve them...</em>’ I reflected silently.</p><p data-uid="2e7c48d8-3e4d-419c-90d8-6c23d480f72e">The reason I hadn’t gone astray was all thanks to these two people who always worried about me. I clasped my hands as I watched them pray with their eyes closed.</p><p data-uid="0a9d0735-c693-4708-bf4f-2afb9dd62372">A moment later, Mom looked at me after finishing her prayer.</p><p data-uid="4604dc19-b47d-4cd2-a7ae-6ef3c40ddf7f">“Wait a moment. I’ll call Yeon-Sil first. I'll be back.”</p><p data-uid="ed4a5df7-8089-4846-bb69-1c0707963d48">But I quickly grabbed Mom as she tried to stand up and said, “No. This is between us, so I'll handle it myself. I'll...</p>