---
title: "Chapter 817: Yeon Bo-Ra (4)"
weight: 817
---
<p data-uid="2a5b1091-0ecd-44d1-bf96-1ed0052a979a"><span><span>"It was because of the decision made by Jeon Woo-Ju, who was leading Space Planning at the time, that Sang-Jin never managed to escape obscurity."</span></span></p><p data-uid="2a53657e-9a02-4966-9187-b4196dae6f14"><span><span>Kang Gam-Chan began sharing a story from eighteen years ago with a troubled look on his face.</span></span></p><p data-uid="0909ca9b-c8d1-44d5-b93d-a4a4d3c52825"><span><span>Yeon Sang-Jin, Yeon Bo-Ra's father, had immediately drawn public attention with his good looks when he debuted as an actor. Yet contrary to his handsome appearance, he had a shy and introverted personality which made it difficult for him to work with actresses.</span></span></p><p data-uid="6bc60c6d-cb99-4c8c-94c6-b8161973a94e"><span><span>Then, by chance, Kang Gam-Chan realized that Yeon Sang-Jin had genre preferences. He reported to the company president that Yeon Sang-Jin should be kept away from romance roles. Yeon Sang-Jin was well-suited for historical dramas, action, and hardboiled genres that demanded bold, masculine performances.</span></span></p><p data-uid="1d052950-0d43-4eb9-9d2c-2e2f20d3d063"><span><span>However, Jeon Woo-Ju ignored that advice and kept pushing him into romance dramas, since they were among the most profitable genres at the time.</span></span></p><p data-uid="bfb732c9-18d4-4010-af83-7fab7b20308a"><span><span>As soon as filming began, it became clear that Yeon Sang-Jin wasn't suited for romance. Just as Kang Gam-Chan had warned, his emotional delivery was lacking, leading to repeated NGs, and he even got fired from a role by a director. His female co-stars often described him as stiff as a log.</span></span></p><p data-uid="6f6250ad-e4e4-4899-b36b-d91f523f470c"><span><span>Eventually, Yeon Sang-Jin became known in the industry as someone who couldn't act. He himself came to believe he wasn't cut out for acting.</span></span></p><p data-uid="61e89457-eabb-4b13-88aa-ad7a9a579584"><span><span>Hearing this hidden story, Yoo Jung-Hee asked in a trembling voice, "Are you saying... my husband wasn't a talentless actor?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="69b57527-ab2e-44cc-a8b5-c97f9bc37d1c"><span><span>Kang Gam-Chan shook his head. "Do you remember his debut role as the ship captain in 'The People of the Boat Village?' Back then, everyone...</span></span></p>