---
title: "Chapter 436: Ahn Jung-Hae (1)"
weight: 436
---
<p data-uid="580fb264-4ec5-4691-ba8f-712ed5187bb0"><span>At Kim Soo-Myung's Life Clinic, the investigators arrested the hospitalized members of the Eun-Gyu gang. At that moment, Seo Jae-Ill whispered to me, revealing that on the day Kang Eun-Gi was nearly killed at the hospital, one of the three police officers who had cleared the entrance for the assassin to enter had been caught.</span></p><p data-uid="2517ec40-bf91-44f4-a525-7ee8dede8549"><span>I asked, "Is that really true?"</span></p><p data-uid="03a83513-aac1-4aee-b0b1-3410e4214c60"><span>Seo Jae-Ill nodded. "Yes. We got lucky and caught him in an unexpected place."</span></p><p data-uid="d3640a6b-6067-4ad4-a2b9-1ff6e6209cb5"><span>Apparently, one of those three officers had been arrested at an illegal gambling den while spending money recklessly.</span></p><p data-uid="438b8d45-d9a4-476a-8958-d180a358dc81"><span>He continued, "A junior prosecutor is handling the initial investigation, but I plan to go down and interrogate him personally soon. Now that I'm set to become a deputy chief prosecutor, this won't end in vain like before."</span></p><p data-uid="0cd7ad14-831f-4499-be61-651e7d0f8d06"><span>The deputy chief prosecutor was roughly equivalent to the head of a district office. Seo Jae-Ill's career was advancing three years faster than his peers with a significant promotion.</span></p><p data-uid="9cd71ac5-bea9-416d-8f17-828f17002082"><span>"I'll be looking forward to it."</span></p><p data-uid="d32fe5f5-bf07-43d2-88cd-3cadd76279fc"><span>Seo Jae-Ill smiled and added, "Oh, and please call me first next time something like this happens."</span></p><p data-uid="b2093b2b-d0b6-4879-926b-a9f162539b5d"><span>"I'll make sure to. I've learned a lot this time."</span></p><p data-uid="20f815a2-f5f3-4a37-b770-3260948ea8e7"><span>Seo Jae-Ill also informed me that arrest warrants had been issued for Woo Sung-Chan's parents on charges of conspiracy to commit murder. "It looks like they'll spend the year-end holidays with their beloved son in correctional facilities. One in the detention center and the other in prison."</span></p><p data-uid="130cfec5-8adf-442d-8ded-3ce131a21ede"><span>Woo Sung-Chan’s parents had initially only given instructions to abduct and intimidate. However, stronger charges were applied since the Eun-Gyu...</span></p>