---
title: "Chapter 22: Cherry Blossom Today (3)"
weight: 22
---
<p data-uid="74f2ea8a-ac53-46a5-9c53-295b6ae2ba19">When Woo Yeon-Hee finished her brief story, I was absolutely stunned.</p><p data-uid="8205ab14-cbfb-4e23-99f2-c3453ab715a2">‘<em>I can’t believe that the person who stomped on their confidence is from our own company</em>.’</p><p data-uid="a0d1e2d7-834f-4653-abf1-77008e57a74d">“So, Chief Park Han-Cheol from Division 1 told you guys to know your place just because you lacked popularity? No way! Why would he speak that way to the singers from Division 2 when he works in Division1?”</p><p data-uid="41c51caa-f461-4f73-995e-12d78297ec17">Yang Eun-Bi, who had been quietly listening to Woo Yeon-Hee’s story, complained with a bitter expression.</p><p data-uid="991ebdea-c669-4fa2-bc6d-e761fc886356">“I mean, he’s not entirely wrong. In the entertainment industry, you are considered worthless if you aren’t popular. We didn’t speak up as we didn’t want to cause bad rumors about Hoop Entertainment and implicate Golden Road sunbae-nim.”</p><p data-uid="fe42c3fa-1c55-4dfd-8c0b-c6dbd082c796">At that moment, my earlier suspicions were confirmed—those who weren’t part of the Suhyaejong line in Hoop Entertainment were being trampled on.</p><p data-uid="fd24c635-b250-4136-a4a6-761eb6dddb4d">‘<em>Is Kang Ji-Yung unaware of this? Doesn’t Kang Gam-Chan know about this situation, especially given his 30-year career in the industry?</em>’</p><p data-uid="6a4e6046-9c00-4b85-a8c7-51f59e7b7c73">But I couldn’t confront them directly because I had no idea what either of them were thinking.</p><p data-uid="113147cc-357d-4d40-ad64-50978896cb6f">However, I couldn’t sit back and do nothing about it when I know about this now.</p><p data-uid="9fb198a9-f2ad-45bc-b0bc-2f740866f53e">“You haven’t told Mr. Han this, have you?”</p><p data-uid="66fa368b-5dd0-4695-8b3d-18d0ed862bc8">Woo Yeon-Hee shook her head.</p><p data-uid="a89330a4-b676-46a8-b88c-652ed60f3be4">“I thought…if I told him, Mr. Han might go to Division...</p>