---
title: "Chapter 366: Entangled Feelings (2)"
weight: 366
---
<p data-uid="ccfacd7d-3e1d-4d35-b761-17e75160de81"><span>At Jung Yoo-Jin's house in Cheonho-dong, she served tea for the guests gathered around the living room table after putting Miso to bed.</span></p><p data-uid="8eea1694-aa4d-4bc9-9088-0f910ae0e0a0"><span>Once Jung Yoo-Jin sat down, Lee Yeon-Sil smiled and asked, "Yoo-Jin, Yoon-Ho oppa makes things really difficult, doesn't he?"</span></p><p data-uid="45ea0818-a33c-4706-8a1e-a344e9e35e47"><span>Lee Yeon-Sil was well aware of Jung Yoo-Jin's situation as they had shared many conversations over the phone.</span></p><p data-uid="b172f6cd-579d-4bd1-8911-66358d71a97c"><span>Jung Yoo-Jin smiled. "I'm okay, Yeon-Sil unnie."</span></p><p data-uid="2e40bdac-3bcc-4f5a-8722-6093ccd1c4d3"><span>Sister Michaela chimed in and agreed with Lee Yeon-Sil. "Yoon-Ho can be a bit clueless about these things. Please be patient with him, Yoo-Jin."</span></p><p data-uid="cea85595-8677-477b-8578-7b54959baa5d"><span>Jung Yoo-Jin blushed, knowing exactly what they were talking about. "It seems like Yoon-Ho oppa doesn't even think about dating while working as a talent agent…"</span></p><p data-uid="3463f451-4476-4387-b6ab-2950e5b80dab"><span>Lee Yeon-Sil and Sister Michaela nodded in agreement.</span></p><p data-uid="2cc085f4-2b4d-43bd-ae2e-1cfc25b2f9dc"><span>"Oppa can be so old-fashioned when it comes to things like this. Right, Mom?"</span></p><p data-uid="b29e531f-359b-4762-a556-37236cdeb6a9"><span>"He's always been like that since he was little. He always drew the lines so clearly that it drove people crazy!"</span></p><p data-uid="971d94df-50ca-413c-b843-de35be6e60fc"><span>Jung Yoo-Jin sighed softly. She understood how dedicated Jung Yoon-Ho was to his work as a talent agent, which made it hard for her to express her feelings easily.</span></p><p data-uid="9538cef1-ae2d-40b0-af67-b90c6368ed6a"><span>However, after Jung Yoon-Ho returned from the China trip, where he went alone with Ju Yung-In, Jung Yoo-Jin's worries started to grow.</span></p><p data-uid="6a7569ec-865b-4975-9039-e19f14a7961f"><span>It was all because of a text message she received from Ju Yung-In the day before Jung Yoon-Ho returned.</span></p><p data-uid="d5afbadd-5e07-4ad5-9f19-21ff807cfa92"><span>-Yoo-Jin, I can never give up on Yoon-Ho oppa.</span></p><p data-uid="35dc6c5c-d3c1-4219-a4a1-999a1c1f1bf6"><span>There was no context, but Jung Yoo-Jin sensed that something had happened between Ju Yung-In and Jung Yoon-Ho in China.</span></p><p data-uid="7d763a71-a8b5-4249-a2bc-36147cc138f0"><span>Though Jung...</span></p>