---
title: "Chapter 10: Unknown Truth"
weight: 10
---
<p data-uid="197902bc-e958-46fe-aa5e-06613b54b0a1">Before I traveled back in time, Yoo-Jin stopped working for a year after Miso’s death. Then she played the role of a villain for the first time in her acting career in a drama called <em>Murderer</em>, making a name for herself.</p><p data-uid="07c6bd2e-224a-44e5-9db3-6ae373a1781e">Her versatile acting skills and ability to play both an innocent girl and a ruthless psychopath at the same time had captivated the viewers. However, being casted for similar roles even after the drama ended had a lasting impact on Yoo-Jin’s image—she was referred to as the best female psychopath actress.</p><p data-uid="e7f5f164-2845-4e65-9e23-ab6ca2b4e961">Having gained significant popularity, Yoo-Jin made a move to Ace Entertainment, the leading entertainment company at that time, after her contract with Hoop Entertainment ended. She then landed a role in the movie <em>Just for Today</em>, directed by Producer Director Kim Moon-Jin.</p><p data-uid="bc96d2d1-29c8-4b82-971e-55a3e4180069">Yoo-Jin’s portrayal of a mother grappling with the profound emotions of losing her daughter moved the entire nation to tears and instantly catapulted her to the status of a top-tier actress in Korea.</p><p data-uid="d8261df5-4a08-4de0-9113-98ae0f6d7e0e">However, that was when she began to face unexpected challenges.</p><p data-uid="56b2f79a-51ca-455e-8443-0417ba56666f">Around the time Yoo-Jin made a comeback, I was managing Ju Yung-In, my former wife, who often competed with Yoo-Jin for lead roles during auditions. At the time, I thought Yoo-Jin was constantly trying to steal Ju Yung-In’s role because she wanted to seek revenge against me.</p><p data-uid="da7bfc55-25cd-4e75-b5cc-f6634096efd3">Looking back, I now realized that I had been mistaken. Although Yoo-Jin would turn away from me whenever we ran into each other on set, she had never spoken ill of me or blamed me.</p><p data-uid="428fc98d-0ddc-4ecb-9ebb-9b3a42eb5b92">It was only when I traveled back to the past that I finally saw the truth.</p><p data-uid="17dda7a0-a1f1-4965-97c2-9190183e045c">It wasn’t that Yoo-Jin wanted to crush Ju Yung-In, but it was Ju Yung-In who wanted to crush Yoo-Jin’s career, and that was the reason she kept auditioning for the same roles as Yoo-Jin.</p><p data-uid="41b1f8f1-3145-41a9-b5b1-602a860a602c">Knowing their personalities made me sure this was the case.</p><p data-uid="523737e4-3122-4236-a06f-a83baf2176ea">I wasn’t able to think straight back then because I believed that Yoo-Jin hated me, but my judgment now was clear.</p><p data-uid="602bbe86-1015-4073-9c2b-0862f54d9dc8">I recalled how Ju Yung-In used to keep Yoo-Jin in check all the time, while Kim Dong-Soo always looked after Ju Yung-In. Furthermore, Coach Choi Hyun-Min’s biased evaluation of Yoo-Jin and the fact that he graduated from the same university as Kim Dong-Soo allowed me to form my own understanding of the situation.</p><p data-uid="15249963-7e7d-4b52-bb4c-547b43c9721d">My hypothesis was that Kim Dong-Soo had intentionally tried to crush Yoo-Jin’s career, as she had the potential to rival Ju Yung-In in the near future and Kim Dong-Soo wanted to win Ju Yung-In’s favor by doing so.</p><p data-uid="ac5aa69d-7084-47ac-8502-19a4b9dc8f96">Suddenly, this train of thought began to generate a series of questions in my mind.</p><p data-uid="124b37c0-49ba-4b9e-9776-e88ec57b7f20">Though it initially seemed like an absurd notion, pursuing this line of thought allowed me to make sense of all the questions I had in the past, present, and future.</p><p data-uid="b2cfb9a7-1619-4b4e-8dd9-517bb8356b8a">I finally understood the reason Yoo-Jin’s internal profile was so harshly evaluated.</p><p data-uid="97072fcd-1cf3-4942-b2e0-db7347550880">‘<em>Ju Yung-In was well aware of Yoo-Jin’s exceptional acting talent all along, which was precisely why she sought Kim Dong-Soo’s help to sabotage Yoo-Jin’s career and Kim Dong-Soo did so by getting Choi Hyun-Min to give Yoo-Jin a negative evaluation!</em>’</p><p data-uid="7600ed7b-2639-46a1-b8ab-fc394d54e502">The moment I figured out the truth, my body started trembling and I was unconsciously clenching my teeth.</p><p data-uid="7fe63640-491e-4658-aed6-03745b7c59ca">‘<em>If…Just if…</em>’</p><p data-uid="4de6ff29-27ef-48bd-9426-c7176a24026d">If my thoughts were correct, Miso’s death in my past life was likely Ju Yung-In and Kim Dong-Soo’s doing.</p><p data-uid="5c8b418d-9f16-455d-b327-00a8492ff019" style="text-align: center">***</p><p data-uid="d26f28a6-30da-41fb-9539-3c69d3aeeb02">There were two factions in Hoop Entertainment: they were President Kang Gam-Chan’s line<a href="#footnote-66e4"><span id="footnote-ref-66e4" class="footnote-ref">[1]</span></a> and Suhyaejong line, consisting of those who graduated from Seoul National University of the Arts.</p><p data-uid="a39d8c88-fd08-40c2-b159-68ec7b223347">Actor Division 1 was predominantly composed of the Suhyaejong line, and Actor Division 3 and Singer Division 1 were almost entirely composed of the Suhyaejong line.</p><p data-uid="578117b4-967c-4624-b90b-bce39e5de4ae">On the other hand, Actor Division 2 and Singer Division 2, which housed girl group Cherry Blossom, were composed of Kang Gam-Chan’s line.</p><p data-uid="5aa5b909-44cf-44e1-911c-dba63e97f1d2">Despite Kang Gam-Chan being the president of the company, the dominance of the Suhyaejong line within Hoop Entertainment was indisputable. The reason was because about 70% of the actors and staff at Hoop Entertainment were graduates of Seoul National University of the Arts.</p><p data-uid="3bf525bc-0ab7-4b2a-8226-630a9f3fa3af">My heart began to race wildly the moment I found out that Kim Dong-Soo, who was second in power after Operation Director Lee Gi-Cheol within the Suhyaejong line, tried to mess with Yoo-Jin.</p><p data-uid="59b9a3ce-8dbc-4ceb-b24b-fbb5c563c93d">‘<em>Something bad might happen to Yoo-Jin if I let my guard down.</em>’</p><p data-uid="5abb28a1-2a4c-4cdd-a793-d9c93bbe093b">On top of that, I realized that Kim Dong-Soo was already romantically interested in Ju Yung-In early on. That explained why Kim Dong-Soo, who took care of countless actors so that he could leave Hoop Entertainment with them to set up his own company, targeted only Yoo-Jin.</p><p data-uid="55dbe522-4e7a-46a7-9b2e-d95100265416">‘<em>So that was it, huh?</em>’</p><p data-uid="ff55f216-8e4e-4e48-8f5d-a5e96ada7310">What needed to be done from this point forward became clear.</p><p data-uid="9af9da10-8552-4982-8120-7ee66dd65807">First of all, I had to remove Coach Choi Hyun-Min from his role as Yoo-Jin’s acting coach. Subsequently, I had to protect Yoo-Jin from Ju Yung-In and Kim Dong-Soo.</p><p data-uid="2dd42e23-f8da-4a45-8f35-f464319ab308">I thought I had let go of all the negative emotions after going through the five stages of grief, but it turned out I had not. Perhaps I should get a refund from the doctor I saw in my past life.</p><p data-uid="d5bdddfa-7936-420a-b05c-1f6a46cc7406">‘<em>What an incompetent doctor. Five stages of grief, my ass.</em>’</p><p data-uid="47ddd2e6-d0b6-402a-bbe8-e4fccba86402">I found myself breathing heavily out of anger without realizing it.</p><p data-uid="ee395655-f4f9-4f06-aeb5-427c8b60f5de">At that moment, Yoo-Jin’s trembling voice snapped me back to reality.</p><p data-uid="deb527bf-c283-4061-a62d-3aedc3706059">“Oppa, is everything okay? Is there…is there something wrong with my acting? Your expression is…”</p><p data-uid="6165c816-a503-45e4-b6f7-295f216d6c2f">“Huh?”</p><p data-uid="e61c1e29-358c-4c86-894d-782cee847d87">I realized that Yoo-Jin had stopped acting and was staring intently at me. Miso was also looking at me with a slightly frightened expression.</p><p data-uid="0bf46246-b477-49bc-8598-98bb144014fe">It seemed like I had been visibly triggered.</p><p data-uid="3ffc0bb6-5377-40c3-b39c-8a842f450289">“Ah, no. There’s nothing wrong. I just had a sudden toothache.”</p><p data-uid="2fd4ac9b-6d2e-4b49-85c3-c4b564e72ff1">It seemed like I became better at lying after traveling back in time.</p><p data-uid="53878b6b-3c4f-4c21-b5eb-637206139bac">“Does it hurt a lot? Should we go to the dentist?”</p><p data-uid="325dfccb-1f75-4b9a-b75b-e30d9f75f27f">“I’ll book an appointment soon. Don’t worry about it.”</p><p data-uid="759b0a66-d133-4ac7-ae43-0dca641f6a10">“Uncle Yoon-Ho, are you okay?”</p><p data-uid="132bc147-e75c-4963-946d-7a88695e6a39">“Yes, I’m fine now. Don’t worry, Miso.”</p><p data-uid="11d16bc1-274a-4956-bd58-48b7c4a2cafc">“Uncle Yoon-Ho, I don’t want you to be sick!”</p><p data-uid="9436c88d-3439-4f44-849b-809388c0f0e7">Miso gently blew on my right cheek as if she were blowing on a wound.</p><p data-uid="c6847414-2aa2-44b5-8824-579c19b0d38e">Looking at Miso, Yoo-Jin smiled.</p><p data-uid="c04decda-7b98-4288-8303-34f63d4924c6">“You always tell us not to worry, oppa.”</p><p data-uid="965ec63d-319b-4842-a515-cda249c8470f">“Well, that’s because you don’t need to. What is there to worry about when you have an amazing talent agent like me?”</p><p data-uid="3824b75f-9300-446e-8392-9eb0fad6ac86">I used to make lots of mistakes in my first year back in my first life, but I would always tell Yoo-Jin not to worry as I didn’t want to burden her.</p><p data-uid="79f5252b-3b9c-43da-9cfe-e0531969d563">But now, there really was no need to worry. After all, the current me was entirely different from how I was back then.</p><p data-uid="17e12daa-3d38-475f-a26b-884de4e15af1">Yoo-Jin continued to speak with a smile.</p><p data-uid="b6d3d595-5eb7-4df1-a2bd-1d12a571d012">“You’re right. Strangely, my worries seem to go away when you say that.”</p><p data-uid="075d8a1e-984e-45ec-ab26-385bc1fa2ae1">“Alright. Let’s continue practicing.”</p><p data-uid="aa4c3090-6dc1-4536-90d4-562980891642">“Okay!”</p><p data-uid="d2e906fd-3881-42e4-bd9f-8fc00906f2a1">However, Yoo-Jin was distracted by our short conversation and asked if I could analyze the script together with her instead.</p><p data-uid="d9634acb-2480-4e8f-8b4d-2bb35e79aa01">“Sure.”</p><p data-uid="d1d68953-e863-4593-bcba-fc40f8b059e5">Since I used to analyze her script all the time in my past life, I knew what Yoo-Jin would ask.</p><p data-uid="bb318d2a-f848-47db-b62c-06914b21b919">In the meantime, perhaps because she had a full stomach, Miso began to doze off. I carefully picked Miso up and laid her on the bed. I suggested a short break and called Yoo-Jin out into the hallway outside my studio apartment.</p><p data-uid="8bc730c4-5f7c-4537-ad23-888b91da6337">“What is it? It’s too cold. We could’ve just talked inside.”</p><p data-uid="2f009b8c-08f0-4960-a817-fcbe1f55d26d">Yoo-Jin folded her arms and shivered.</p><p data-uid="f9877955-b8c1-4790-ae95-499cfe2e7112">I hesitated for a moment but soon brought up the story about Miso.</p><p data-uid="c64e7069-1f9c-4074-b3f6-4d1a8896bed1">“Yoo-Jin. I wanted to tell you I know that Miso isn’t your niece but your daughter.”</p><p data-uid="b8856d07-f53b-401d-88f7-6115c62fed18">Upon hearing my words, Yoo-Jin was flustered and began to stammer.</p><p data-uid="15021d54-45a1-4c21-bcfc-bcb80826b8ed">“H-how did you…how did you f-find out?”</p><p data-uid="bf2942eb-24be-47d0-83c8-ed5507c4c8a7">I gave her the answer I had prepared in a calm manner.</p><p data-uid="0c647cbb-1b76-4543-8d36-446a670502ad">“I accidentally found out when the firefighter was looking up Miso’s identity to find her guardian. Your name popped up and it said you were her mother.”</p><p data-uid="032bbc95-66f3-4ed6-a55e-da1ea7db7d02">Once again, it seemed like lying became second nature after traveling back to the past.</p><p data-uid="7b865df9-a194-42ac-aabb-75cdd6e0d5a9">Yoo-Jin was visibly troubled but eventually confessed that Miso was her daughter. Then it was time to ask her about how that came to be.</p><p data-uid="5beb38db-79ae-4999-abda-3147eb38a6ac">“But what exactly happened? How did your niece become your daughter?”</p><p data-uid="e2fa2a01-a625-48e0-be34-5749c4ee5413">Yoo-Jin hesitated but began to share what had happened to her with a deep sigh.</p><p data-uid="e0b4fc1e-a738-4a4b-9f3d-e2918c25819c">“Well…”</p><p data-uid="e89b24b0-f491-4f45-a82b-d0c5f07609bb" style="text-align: center">***</p><p data-uid="a0e67965-5a5d-45be-ab06-c186e3c3525f">The story was that Yoo-Jin’s older sister and her husband, along with their parents, went on a trip to Jeju Island four years ago and they all met with an accident. Fortunately, Miso was spared from the tragedy because she was under Yoo-Jin’s care at the time.</p><p data-uid="901472ec-c3cf-4e56-8660-3a650638ef57">Left alone with only Miso, Yoo-Jin began to raise her like her own daughter. However, the decisive moment came when they attended a relative’s funeral. Upon hearing that her uncle wanted to send Miso to an orphanage, Yoo-Jin decided to adopt Miso and take care of her with the insurance payout left by her parents.</p><p data-uid="cbdf9b34-1d07-48c9-a8ff-f1c460acf3c5">At that perfect timing, a special law was enacted to ease the adoption conditions for single individuals. Moreover, there was no need to change Miso’s surname because Miso’s deceased father’s name was Jung Sung-Han.</p><p data-uid="202a7100-c366-431e-bd4a-4f14bc5d416e">‘<em>So that was how Miso became Yoo-Jin’s daughter.</em>’</p><p data-uid="a50e1eb0-c618-48ae-bec7-d862326147a1">Hearing her painful experiences made me think that this was likely the reason why the always cheerful Yoo-Jin sometimes also showed a resolute side to her.</p><p data-uid="e96f1ecf-c4bd-416a-82b4-198ea199ef7f">Yoo-Jin began to tremble, perhaps because she was reminded of those painful memories.</p><p data-uid="6e9352fd-bb87-4aa0-9688-6fd8a94c99a5">“Whenever I think about that time…”</p><p data-uid="f46bd175-1746-47f9-9ce2-d3ae690d4630">Yoo-Jin’s eyes were filled with anger, sorrow, and a mix of emotions. Soon, tears welled up in Yoo-Jin’s big eyes.</p><p data-uid="3f0dcbf4-f17a-43b0-8d37-86e9dcb64641">I began to comfort the trembling and crying Yoo-Jin.</p><p data-uid="6f484928-6470-4b21-bdcf-f5818f369977">“You did well. Thanks to you, Miso can be happy like she is now. Orphanages aren’t that great of a place, you know.”</p><p data-uid="78e4a881-700b-4223-83d7-a7b089243494">“Ah, I’m sorry…”</p><p data-uid="7b9202e2-b52a-4494-a787-a8ecf8260e45">As if she belatedly remembered where I grew up, Yoo-Jin wiped her tears and bowed her head as she apologized to me.</p><p data-uid="9dda371d-7ebd-4ec8-a7ff-3f3b5d153a71">“No, it’s all right. It’s all in the past now. The principal there was really nice.”</p><p data-uid="722bdef1-f2c2-4ea2-8cf9-c30ff089b7ee">Ms. Michaela from the orphanage came to my mind. She was the nun whom I wished was my real mother. She warmly welcomed and loved me even when I caused trouble daily, but I couldn’t open up to her at the thought that she wasn’t my real mother.</p><p data-uid="ae5f0302-2609-4699-9bc6-a321847b5754">But Ms. Michaela had passed on after ten years. It was not till after her death that I understood the advice to appreciate people while they were still here.</p><p data-uid="91f0874a-3488-45c6-8442-367079da01d9">‘<em>But I’ll be good to her now since I’ve received a second chance at life.</em>’</p><p data-uid="ebb16851-deef-4236-a71a-70acf53ef737">In the meantime, Yoo-Jin stopped crying and asked.</p><p data-uid="cd0db65c-09ce-4396-bb8c-928a1b325d86">“But what should I do?”</p><p data-uid="42071f32-65db-4765-88c4-c14764d8776e">“What do you mean?”</p><p data-uid="cf437ddf-0f7f-4125-ac21-2a2432589b00">“Mr. Kang<a href="#footnote-583d"><span id="footnote-ref-583d" class="footnote-ref">[2]</span></a> told me to call and inform him immediately if anyone finds out about my relationship to Miso…”</p><p data-uid="4708cd06-0cc2-451a-b528-d94c69c0d7a5">It was only natural for Kang Gam-Chan to say so, because if everyone found out a newly-debuted twenty-three year old female celebrity had a child, her career would be over. Once an actress was labeled with terms like ‘a single mom’ or having ‘dirty private life,’ even clarifying the truth wouldn’t help.</p><p data-uid="fef21e6f-6595-4faf-9c06-add17ac40a57">“I’ll tell Mr. Kang about it myself. He probably instructed you to inform him right away because he’s worried about reporters writing absurd articles. You trust me, right?”</p><p data-uid="e5671bb1-7891-4c44-b5d3-d36ca4f56d7f">When I cautiously asked, Yoo-Jin responded with a smile and nodded.</p><p data-uid="1ee97bc0-acef-46b3-831a-7bb30f1c6704">“Of course I do. Who would I trust if not you? Things are going well and it’s all thanks to you. You even saved Miso, oppa.”</p><p data-uid="0d31a639-93bb-4510-9023-1c421733c495">Having gone through the tough first day together, Yoo-Jin seemed to trust me a lot.</p><p data-uid="7273b58f-6433-4fe5-a7cd-5aec530767db">“Thank you. Now, shall we go back in and continue practicing your acting?”</p><p data-uid="859363ed-a8c1-4efb-90f4-c938e903afc8">“Let’s do it!”</p><p data-uid="b21b8e07-7aee-4849-8125-b22e1d11e436">Yoo-Jin wiped away the remaining tears in her eyes with her sleeve and took a deep breath, determined not to cry in front of Miso.</p><p data-uid="8b331150-0d70-40c5-9d74-e5a2b4e64377">As we were heading back to my apartment, I decided to ask one more thing.</p><p data-uid="7e5e9695-3a0d-4f98-baf5-1e8c7c897fbc">“Oh, by the way. Just out of curiosity, why did you choose to sign a contract with Hoop Entertainment? Didn’t you receive offers from ACE Entertainment and other successful companies?”</p><p data-uid="089c1816-ca01-4b28-9947-ea27a05a0949">Yoo-Jin shrugged and answered as if there was no special reason.</p><p data-uid="7bbd4f01-2b98-4709-a31d-4cb0634cb857">“Oh, that? Other companies don’t pay their trainees, but Mr. Kang offered me a salary. That’s why I chose Hoop Entertainment.”</p><p data-uid="9a8d92d2-c379-40c0-84b0-40eb018fcf34">“What?”</p><p data-uid="32186d3f-3a23-4f90-9219-1e477ccd6363">“Out of all those companies, only Mr. Kang offered me a monthly salary of 3 million won with full-time employee benefits, so I signed the contract. I’m currently treated as an assistant manager at Hoop Entertainment.”</p><p data-uid="53d12238-c5de-4454-9976-e9cb9920f47d">“Wait, you get a salary? But you’re a celebrity.”</p><p data-uid="e3ab5186-2964-4eca-b62c-40474a5c3d8d">‘<em>Her position is even higher than mine.</em>’</p><p data-uid="39387ed4-b78b-4070-84c7-6c4a3ef52c5f">I was relieved she didn’t insist on me calling her Assistant Manager Jung Yoo-Jin.</p><p data-uid="2f78a5e9-c7ad-485e-8dc4-b3a7f60c352e">“Yes. I used to make 2.2 million won when I worked part-time at Burger Queen. But Mr. Kang offered me more money and a full-time position. He even said I could stay with the company if I didn’t succeed as an actress. So I signed the contract in a heartbeat.”</p><p data-uid="ab44090d-a131-4a79-a817-01717dc33257">It was somewhat surprising that Kang Gam-Chan recruited someone who was initially not interested in the entertainment industry as an employee first.</p><p data-uid="42be17e9-02e1-4fba-98a8-91250577a52a">However, there was something I still couldn’t understand.</p><p data-uid="a125b4bc-40af-4a99-8bac-ac17e8aa8d57">“Hold on. But you said you couldn’t work many hours a day because you had to look after Miso. So how did you make 2.2 million won at Burger Queen?”</p><p data-uid="556171c4-b9f4-4a95-b368-97f657fe814c">Yoo-Jin looked at me and made a victory sign with her fingers.</p><p data-uid="6eb203a8-fadd-45f9-9453-6e64b9134be4">“My hourly wage was 20,000 won.”</p><p data-uid="4f68d27e-d039-4a88-821b-0bccfb7b3461"><em>‘Huh? 20,000 won per hour at Burger Queen?’</em></p><p data-uid="360849c5-804d-4a43-ac1f-c801b51f0d76">I suddenly felt the world was unfair. When I was working part-time in 2018, I only received a wage of 7,530 won.</p><p data-uid="bafb7d44-ef88-40cd-8841-28ff774edbb5">‘<em>But an hourly wage of 20,000 won? That’s just…ugh.</em>’</p><p data-uid="85247c6f-8d71-40bc-96a5-4c5ad395f47f">I felt like grabbing someone and exclaiming this wasn’t right. However, I understood the reason Yoo-Jin was paid so much after hearing her story—whenever Yoo-Jin was working, customers would fill the restaurant just to catch a glimpse of her, hence, increasing sales which justified her rising hourly wage.</p><p data-uid="40b47c96-0b61-49d3-968c-1ce41c5bbce3">She said the manager of Burger Queen in Cheonho-dong still called her even now, offering a full-time position with a monthly salary of 3.5 million won.</p><p data-uid="140b8863-fb6c-4447-8de8-3672ef0a5d72">At that moment, I grabbed Yoo-Jin’s shoulder.</p><p data-uid="1d62ae19-9b36-4b78-bf54-cd50a74b3e56">“That is nonsense! You are going to succeed as an actress. I know you will! You know that you will receive additional income when you succeed, right? Right?”</p><p data-uid="4c136ffc-636f-4bbc-97dd-cf02416a7c8c">Yoo-Jin nodded as I badgered her.</p><p data-uid="47312619-2682-49e8-accf-e48c5e6224fc">“Yes. Mr. Kang said he’d adjust my salary once thirty percent of my earnings as a celebrity exceeds the salary that I draw as an employee. Um, oppa. You’re hurting my arm…”</p><p data-uid="b8342f84-15b6-4e2a-97fd-eb3d4a519ac3">“Oh, sorry. I was just surprised to hear that Burger Queen still calls you.”</p><p data-uid="79a78417-4b01-4628-863b-a24e3b0d0da8">I shuddered at the thought that I almost lost the future top star, Jung Yoo-Jin, to a Burger Queen store manager.</p><p data-uid="c7a94b6c-560d-4fb3-aa6d-3e2d159fc3d6">“Don’t worry. I’m not going anywhere.”</p><p data-uid="d00561bf-a795-44bb-adba-bbe00501c721">As I watched Yoo-Jin express her excitement about acting right in front of Lee Ji-Yeon, I promised myself once again that I would definitely help Yoo-Jin reclaim her place as a top star, or perhaps even surpass it.</p><p data-uid="26725598-d431-4f01-96d7-9a08ea5e927f">The same held true for the members of Faithful.</p><p data-uid="5115d68d-1aab-40a5-9951-f772ef95aed0">Thinking about living my second life as a talent agent who knows it all, my heart began to flutter.</p><hr><div id="footnote-66e4"><p data-uid="5f81aca2-c8ae-4b77-9c98-e0d68edf6576">1. Line refers to the group of people following or led by ‘fill in the blank(person’s name)’ <a href="#footnote-ref-66e4">☜</a></p></div><div id="footnote-583d"><p data-uid="0c0abb36-67b4-4c68-b9dd-899b8c108fd2">2. Kang Gam-Chan <a href="#footnote-ref-583d">☜</a></p></div><hr/><blockquote><b>Translator's Thoughts</b></blockquote>