---
title: "Chapter 253: Whatever The Opponent Does (3)"
weight: 253
---
<p data-uid="f3a06f80-00bc-40d2-8f3b-1508888f29fa"><span>"Chief Choi! Get out right now while I'm being polite!" Lee Ji-Yeon screamed.</span></p><p data-uid="8ddce2f4-be88-4604-a9dc-54448a5c4deb"><span>"N-no, I mean, it's not about nudity but we need something sensational..."</span></p><p data-uid="17caaacf-89e3-45f3-9a3b-775ab9997bc5"><span>Choi Tae-Hyun belatedly protested that he didn't mean nudity, but Lee Ji-Yeon had no intention of listening.</span></p><p data-uid="d5e8e3c0-9fb9-4ba3-b66b-0469d2d3d82a"><span>"Are you kidding? Did you forget what you just said in front of me?" Lee Ji-Yeon said as she pointed her finger and prodded Choi Tae-Hyun.</span></p><p data-uid="4df1c749-c43c-42a4-bee7-354f7c6efc92"><span>"Team Lead Jung here is coming up with all sorts of strategies to prevent my drama's viewership ratings from falling even without being told! And all the broadcasting station can think of is undressing actresses? Huh!? Is that all you're capable of?" She continued lambasting him.</span></p><p data-uid="5eefed60-271b-4bc0-830e-854b94143b6b"><span>Lee Ji-Yeon berated Choi Tae-Hyun, saying he was worse than a talent agent. The fuming Lee Ji-Yeon could no longer hold back her anger and made a phone call somewhere.</span></p><p data-uid="2ee38287-b1a2-4339-8a9f-fd509e8863a0"><span>The person she called was none other than MBS' president, Choi Sang-Byung.</span></p><p data-uid="c4532c9e-3c52-4adf-8d58-2a0fea7d170b"><span>"Mr. Choi, this is Lee Ji-Yeon. Chief Choi from the drama department is here telling me to undress actresses. Are you all playing a joke on me?"</span></p><p data-uid="d8fa4176-4dba-4dfd-a981-35ab32c18912"><span>Choi Tae-Hyun started sweating and pleading as he did not expect her to call the president directly.</span></p><p data-uid="32ddc1a6-7e92-4751-a004-11b4bc344027"><span>"No, that's not what I meant. I'm sorry, Ms. Lee! I must have lost my mind for a moment..."</span></p><p data-uid="2052419f-14a6-4aa7-a53a-c6b0e99af7a0"><span>However, Lee Ji-Yeon continued to pressure the president of MBS without blinking her eyes.</span></p><p data-uid="a59b8536-fe50-4f68-bc53-0d4ea89f1690"><span>"Mr. Choi, why do I have to listen to this crap? Did I mess up the viewership...</span></p>