---
title: "Chapter 296: Vocal Trainer (3)"
weight: 296
---
<p data-uid="e17bbc1b-51cf-44c8-8b5c-5675025dbd45"><span>After finishing his conversation with his grandmother, Seo Yeon-Woo carefully opened the door. "Come on in."</span></p><p data-uid="48e4cde8-593c-4015-8548-ade549667568"><span>As he came out the front door, Seo Yeon-Woo was holding tightly onto his grandmother's right hand, who was dressed in a thin, traditional Korean blouse.</span></p><p data-uid="91be0acb-6385-4e10-99eb-7b3a42c6e325"><span>Behind them, I could see a small living room, a single room, and a tiny bathroom.</span></p><p data-uid="aa3c6558-e633-4baa-820c-85e7a51f8d9a"><span>"Hello, ma'am." I greeted Seo Yeon-Woo's grandmother.</span></p><p data-uid="75dc7e1c-7d8c-478e-9594-654b91e24653"><span>Seo Yeon-Woo's grandmother tilted her head, then suddenly smiled brightly. "Oh my~ Come on in. Are you teachers from Yeon-Woo's school?"</span></p><p data-uid="50cb9ff9-3aa3-4685-9e1d-7920f71f79b1"><span>It seemed like Seo Yeon-Woo's grandmother misunderstood me as a teacher because I was wearing a suit.</span></p><p data-uid="777c11ff-4bb6-4ed3-879a-5a588800e50f"><span>Nonetheless, I played along knowing that she had dementia, so as not to startle her.</span></p><p data-uid="a0794f69-ba72-4d94-9651-618cc3b683c8"><span>"Yes. We came for a home visit because Yeon-Woo is doing so well in his studies."</span></p><p data-uid="50de6760-0a24-4af9-821b-ee7b3271d6da"><span>Lee Dong-Min also chimed in appropriately. "That's right! Yeon-Woo is top in his music class, so we came to encourage him."</span></p><p data-uid="8f0747a0-1554-4453-8577-35b267cc8696"><span>At that moment, Seo Yeon-Woo's grandmother began clapping her hands with a radiant smile. "Oh wow~ This is a great honor, a great honor!"</span></p><p data-uid="d151536c-cf66-40d6-89c1-f75ee4ac141d"><span>Seeing his grandmother's joyful expression, Seo Yeon-Woo played along with our little white lie. "Grandma, I came in first place. So... I think we'll be able to live happily from now on."</span></p><p data-uid="54454578-3a71-445a-9847-fa8b33685ab5"><span>Tears welled up in Seo Yeon-Woo's eyes.</span></p><p data-uid="394ecc68-9622-4e17-b639-91b60b30f3e6"><span>At that moment, Seo Yeon-Woo's grandmother began to stroke her grandson's face. She showered him with kisses on his...</span></p>