---
title: "Chapter 352: Clue (3)"
weight: 352
---
<p data-uid="0f57d1cd-a671-4846-956f-56daa1e90534"><span>Taesung Jjambbong in Myeong-dong, the rundown restaurant with around ten tables, was completely empty.</span></p><p data-uid="aca526ad-d261-4b4f-9436-a12d5ecbb9d2"><span>On table 8, where Kim Dong-Soo sat, was a bottle of baijiu and a half-eaten large plate of sweet and sour pork.</span></p><p data-uid="69895950-30c4-4ff7-931d-de6e2818f223"><span>Across from Kim Dong-Soo was another untouched glass—evidence that someone else had been there until now. The set of chopsticks next to the glass further confirmed this.</span></p><p data-uid="0059462b-5f64-46d6-a173-b099a2505641"><span>'<em>Colonel Baek must have already left,</em>' I thought.</span></p><p data-uid="95d89493-3848-4f36-b4f2-d9d083eb3a1e"><span>I described the scene inside so that Choi Yung-Ho listening in could understand. "It looks like someone was with you just now. There's leftover food and they left without drinking. Must have been in a hurry."</span></p><p data-uid="150ffb98-adb2-4a89-8f6f-7eff6037a781"><span>When I sat down across from Kim Dong-Soo, he clicked his tongue. "<em>Tsk</em>. You really came alone. You've got guts, I'll give you that."</span></p><p data-uid="c22c7f7b-0eb4-401b-b7eb-dad8629fe369"><span>"You told me to come alone, didn't you? Anyway, what are you doing in a dump like this? Shouldn't you be at home reflecting if you're suspended?"</span></p><p data-uid="edc32e60-61b7-4b63-8d5b-ac293be6dbf7"><span>"Why should I reflect? Don't you know it was Team Lead Kang and Director Lee Gi-Cheol who got caught bribing Assemblyman Park? I'm the victim here!"</span></p><p data-uid="990421ee-4761-4e7d-8761-058e273ef293"><span>"How many people at the company do you think believe that?"</span></p><p data-uid="264f5e17-aaee-4cab-8676-fd21f6bdfbbf"><span>"Who cares what the employees think? Once I'm back, they'll all shut up anyway."</span></p><p data-uid="741345fe-9bfc-4570-aff8-db8a6285a932"><span>"Do you really think that? It seems like the Suhyaejong line has already sided with Mr. Bang under Mr. Choi Man-Sik's instruction."</span></p><p data-uid="e64217cb-c358-4a54-a573-12e99bf2fe24"><span>Kim Dong-Soo smirked. "Whether it's President Choi Man-Sik or Director Bang...</span></p>