---
title: "Chapter 73: Looking For The Choreographer (1)"
weight: 73
---
<p data-uid="c3bd94b0-18fe-42ea-b2a7-ea08cdae082b">After my return to the past, the person I wanted to avoid the most was my ex-wife—Ju Yung-In. There was no deep affection between us, but she was closer to me than anyone else. The memory of her betrayal during my last days still made me shudder. However, the Ju Yung-In in front of me now was essentially a different person. After all, the experiences we had shared in my past life were now a future that would never be realized.</p><p data-uid="d7718b5e-6075-4646-9124-e278929747fc"><em>'Right. She's just a stranger now.'</em></p><p data-uid="cd0b41b6-b389-49d1-8251-3ee131e1ce5d">With that thought, I felt a bit more at ease. I poured soju into the glass she held out without any emotion.</p><p data-uid="51ff97c6-1808-4b97-befe-dbebb127b8b9"><em>Glug glug glug.</em></p><p data-uid="24100e08-b70c-4d00-b555-4df5fa446df5">Subconsciously, I filled only half of her glass. Somehow, my body seemed to remember how Ju Yung-In didn’t like her glass filled to the brim. The clear soju rippled in her glass. Ju Yung-In smiled slightly with a look of satisfaction on her face.</p><p data-uid="15ab520c-38b6-4014-9b88-cd31f21dc323">This time, Ju Yung-In picked up the bottle. "What are you doing? Aren't you going to take a glass?"</p><p data-uid="fb84da34-55fb-4212-a0fb-01307e8e11b9">Of course, I knew this was her expression of gratitude for catching the paparazzi earlier. But I just wanted to pretend I didn't understand the intention.</p><p data-uid="70d5bac7-973b-4982-9ca6-0a2f962203bb">I let out a soft sigh almost inaudibly. "I'll just take the glass, but not soju. I have to drive Yoo-Jin home later."</p><p data-uid="9c21cf05-7162-4517-bb48-28f043628b81">Ju Yung-In flinched and frowned. "Sure…whatever works for you."</p><p data-uid="2bb346d7-4d88-45e9-bc77-9f09da4a6cd4">The moment she filled my glass full, she opened her mouth again. "Thank you for today..."</p><p data-uid="713a32c1-a756-4e28-8f55-ba45f1a90af5">I doubted...</p>