---
title: "Chapter 334: Shadow (1)"
weight: 334
---
<p data-uid="b6aad764-c75d-4b32-a121-5053aa4ee70e"><span>"Don't worry. I'll handle those two. I'll send Director Jo to the U.S. And if I guarantee my sister a few stakes, she'll keep quiet as well."</span></p><p data-uid="266403c7-ac65-40ce-ad10-57389df76514"><span>He also mentioned that the release of Jo Jae-Kyung's film </span><em><span>The Thousand-Year Fox</span></em><span> would be postponed indefinitely due to negative public opinion.</span></p><p data-uid="7bd583ff-5ff8-4cbc-85ef-2abaeadf850c"><span>"I'll make sure Director Jo doesn't come back for at least a year. No, maybe two years would be better. Just say the word and he won't be able to return as long as you're beside me. How does that sound?"</span></p><p data-uid="8f29b300-ee71-49c4-9161-9e43dd4ff57f"><span>Son Hyung-Tae was reiterating that he had chosen me over Jo Jae-Kyung.</span></p><p data-uid="4c5ee4dc-6bf2-4a0a-a79b-2660f5e60858"><span>'</span><em><span>What should I do?</span></em><span>' I pondered.</span></p><p data-uid="d7d9a62a-75a5-4d1e-9dff-d188d73b0d82"><span>After a brief consideration, I accepted his proposal with conditions. After all, the projects I had in mind weren't exclusive to CK. "I'll assist you in the same way I've helped President Shin of LT Entertainment. That's the only promise I can make."</span></p><p data-uid="22460a59-be56-49f9-a16c-0a0bf4561102"><span>Son Hyung-Tae stared intently at me. "I hate sharing, you know?"</span></p><p data-uid="8183a557-c536-4e86-9551-f3c8021078be"><span>His words carried a hint of a threat, but I had no intention of changing my stance. When I remained silent, Son Hyung-Tae sighed instead of threatening me further. "</span><em><span>Sigh. </span></em><span>Alright, let's agree on that for now."</span></p><p data-uid="1dcb8b65-7c47-40d2-be2d-cfb73d323272"><span>I breathed a sigh of relief and nodded. "Understood, sir."</span></p><p data-uid="438065fb-929f-460a-a68c-b04a7e7b2bc2"><span>Son Hyung-Tae added, "Oh, and take the settlement money. It's coming out of Jae-Kyung's account anyway. He hates losing money more than anything. You should at least get some payback, don't you think?"</span></p><p data-uid="b8d3a11a-601f-4725-a780-f0dec7c993c2"><span>I declined. "It's fine. Receiving an apology from Director Jo Jae-Kyung himself is enough."</span></p><p data-uid="43a22d57-9dd5-41ef-a0d3-3e2aa3953e23"><span>Son Hyung-Tae shook his head. "No, that won't do. I'll tell them to raise the settlement to 100 million won, so just take what they give."</span></p><p data-uid="b980a2db-a654-4f1f-af1c-576c3df945da"><span>Suddenly, he was offering a...</span></p>