---
title: "Chapter 609: Vvip Fashion Show (5)"
weight: 609
---
<p data-uid="804024f9-44c1-4286-adbc-508cebdbf61a"><span>After the VVIP fashion show ended, Kim Bu-Ho told me he had a favor to ask.</span></p><p data-uid="7bf17637-4d8b-46a2-825d-24f8935ec050"><span>Since he had helped me, it was only natural for me to return the favor. Besides, I would need Kim Bu-Ho's power to deal with Noh Hyun-Hee targeting me.</span></p><p data-uid="278c3f84-2014-4b90-8013-c055a1ee449c"><span>"What is it you need, Mr. Chairman?"</span></p><p data-uid="4cd52d7a-b8f0-445f-b925-add634764a96"><span>"It's not something to discuss here. Let's talk in the office."</span></p><p data-uid="20899a2d-aecc-4c15-aa18-0d2b0096b52e"><span>Kim Bu-Ho told Lee Ha-Yoon to come along as well. Wang Long and Lily said they had to talk with Lee Yung-Ah about dress purchases, so I left them in the showroom and followed Kim Bu-Ho along with Kim Ae-Ryeon.</span></p><p data-uid="53eb578a-cd91-4b1f-b84c-45adcfc11712"><span>We entered through a side door of the space used as the waiting room and found the office used by the department store's president. After opening the door and going in, we sat on the sofas.</span></p><p data-uid="d5246a2b-1f4e-444e-b049-3f33e985cfd4"><span>Kim Bu-Ho looked at me with a satisfied expression when news came in that the total sales of dresses, bags, and accessories today had reached 10.8 billion won.</span></p><p data-uid="858761a0-c94a-47cb-b131-1a95036108b2"><span>"We sold far more than I had expected."</span></p><p data-uid="aeb924ea-3c2a-47d0-a326-94201a51ef75"><span>Even though the dresses were extremely high-priced, ranging from 50 to 100 million won each, most VVIPs purchased more than one.</span></p><p data-uid="f97577a9-b2a5-4043-918d-3e00e2ef457d"><span>Thanks to Yoo-Jin wearing them, the dresses' splendor doubled. Of course, it also helped that Noh Hyun-Hee dropped over 3 billion won, turning them into luxury items certified by HK Inc.'s lady.</span></p><p data-uid="11d41a12-4cbc-4aa8-a26a-bdc6e4f694e7"><span>I said, "Congratulations."</span></p><p data-uid="c191fe55-a970-4858-9c29-9f79c8b3da48"><span>"You should be congratulated too. If you're receiving 5% of the sales, that's over 500 million won, isn't it?"</span></p><p data-uid="de1a2369-cc20-4954-ba8f-5a9bcf940b20"><span>A smile naturally formed, but I was more curious about the favor Kim Bu-Ho was about to ask.</span></p><p data-uid="57e224a5-173f-4407-b100-b2aadc5808c9"><span>I asked, "So, what exactly is the favor you...</span></p>