---
title: "Chapter 813: Double Upper Limit"
weight: 813
---
<p data-uid="eeb3c22a-00e8-4255-a07b-513e3c3c8ab8"><span><span>"How much did you make?" I asked.</span></span></p><p data-uid="0e7e2277-d1af-4c5a-ad44-976929ff5af4"><span><span>Do Ran-Hee spoke excitedly, leaning against Lee Yung-Jin for support. "800 million won! 800 million! I put in 500 million and it hit the ceiling twice, so it became 1.3 billion!"</span></span></p><p data-uid="0d5ce253-27d3-4449-bfc5-5ff04069fa79"><span><span>"You had 200 million from our employee stock plan, right? Then why are you saying you started with 500? Don't tell me you added 300 million more through a public subscription with your parents?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="5d35221b-73b6-4a36-9a0c-208bf5aa5def"><span><span>"Yeah. My mom and dad came with me to the securities firm and we got an additional 300 million won worth of shares. So now I have 500 million won worth in total."</span></span></p><p data-uid="8f3f6fef-0bb5-4f69-b75f-0b1b746ad848"><span><span>Most of the 200 million Do Ran-Hee initially invested came from the incentive she earned while working under Division Jung. Her parents only owned a small 19-pyeong apartment, which was their entire asset, so it was hard for them to offer any financial help. But this time, they made a big decision and offered the money they had set aside for her wedding. They even used their apartment—their only property—as collateral.</span></span></p><p data-uid="a5610d65-2f0e-4b2f-b9b5-7f8480ab0a6c"><span><span>"My mom and dad said they've never really done anything for me, so they took out a loan against the apartment. It was the money they were going to give me when I got married."</span></span></p><p data-uid="5d55ced8-c2f0-49b3-8c61-4f1576519353"><span><span>If something had gone wrong, they could have lost their home. Yet all three of them, Do Ran-Hee and her parents, each got an additional allocation of shares worth one hundred million during the general offering.</span></span></p><p data-uid="7af12abb-4806-4cb0-9cb6-e725e04f54a9"><span><span>"Anyway, since the stock doubled twice, the 500 million turned into 1.3 billion. That means we made... 800 million! 800!"</span></span></p><p data-uid="8d31cf6e-1aae-4bdb-b1be-f949a9fc9718"><span><span>Do Ran-Hee kept repeating the amount she made, her voice shaking. Only then did I understand why Do Ran-Hee had fainted. She hadn't just bet her own money, but she had risked her parents' money too. The pressure must have overwhelmed her.</span></span></p><p data-uid="be641d6d-6d2b-421e-86ba-ee695fd82327"><span><span>At that...</span></span></p>