---
title: "Chapter 602: Welcome To Korea (1)"
weight: 602
---
<p data-uid="2a2c4e5b-065d-4c95-be1b-1021523583cb"><span>Today was January 31, finally the day Ling Ling would arrive in Korea.</span></p><p data-uid="4a9064d0-cf9d-4bd0-a379-bc7149488d8a"><span>After waking up, I spent time lazily in bed for the first time in a while. Since I only had to go meet Ling Ling at 2 p.m., I could stop by the office briefly later in the afternoon.</span></p><p data-uid="7d977d61-b56f-45f9-9553-5adf46e20666"><span>Breathing in the sun-warmed scent of my blanket, I started by checking the top news on the portal. The front page was still filled with articles about surrogate surgery following yesterday's reports.</span></p><p data-uid="311d50bb-fd87-4731-845c-d65d25c4f31b"><span>[Exclusive] Revealing the Truth Behind Rampant Surrogate Surgeries in the Medical Field (Star Exclusive, Reporter Kang In-Han)</span></p><p data-uid="1097c5d4-a5e8-4f35-bf88-7c0238a8e661"><span>There was heavy criticism about how even though there were victims from these surrogate surgeries, the hospitals and doctors responsible didn't lose their licenses.</span></p><p data-uid="e81f3830-bdcb-4af9-8f3b-7386cb9b5d9e"><span>Unlike reporters who only stirred up issues, Kang In-Han also proposed solutions. He suggested that if the law banning surrogate surgeries was applied too broadly, it would prevent residents and interns from gaining surgical experience. His suggestion was that there should be an exception clause.</span></p><p data-uid="5c650416-bb01-4e57-9e7f-4b0526f1799e"><span>"Mr. Kang is taking a pretty careful approach."</span></p><p data-uid="ad674f64-ab3b-4868-8741-45d8ff2f3c31"><span>I felt once again that it had been the right call to reach out to Kang In-Han.</span></p><p data-uid="27bfdd40-7f1a-40bd-931a-89e757bae9cb"><span>Next, I checked the entertainment section on the portal. It was filled with articles about the soon-to-be-released film</span><em><span> Jiri Mountain</span></em><span>.</span></p><p data-uid="e72717a9-cb6f-48bd-b591-ab6267e2232f"><span>But unexpectedly, the number one article in the entertainment TOP10 was about me.</span></p><p data-uid="05d95789-3ddc-45fe-a8da-f45d92d40942"><span>"Huh? Why is this still up?"</span></p><p data-uid="04cae36b-2c3a-48f5-a33f-d5bb09f94625"><span>[H Entertainment's Star Talent Agent Mr. J. Throws Himself Into Jiri Mountain]</span></p><p data-uid="44cb8c0a-09d2-4907-ae30-b23c2eda7aeb"><span>-When a landslide occurred, Talent Agent J rescued junior staff member A...</span></p><p data-uid="d8b2ddf7-853e-4dba-bcfd-7ea80382ce26"><span>(Comments)</span></p><p data-uid="7edcc1e3-e9e0-4304-af8a-8cfc4241d128"><span>-This isn't just...</span></p>