---
title: "Chapter 709: First-Year Talent Agent (1)"
weight: 709
---
<p data-uid="411755ad-6a04-4053-b72f-1b136a794b85"><span>[Everyday V13]</span></p><p data-uid="2ff8b171-6fe2-4a57-951d-f03ff58e7872"><span>[Date: March 5, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="dbdf39f9-f357-45aa-926c-b052c5852f53"><span>-11:00 p.m. [NEW Choi Deok-Bae]</span></p><p data-uid="1ce6ba4f-1b05-4ef1-9c29-39bd81c70a3a"><span>(Entertainment All Times) Rookie actor Mr. C assaulted broadcast PDs C and A on a drama set.</span></p><p data-uid="eaa38c4e-f32a-4500-bed7-2f8a33dd281a"><span>MBS' <em>The Omniscient Viewpoint </em>announced a break this week.</span></p><p data-uid="c805b587-ed23-4b80-b7d8-2bd849416b3d"><span>(Other: Choi Deok-Bae claimed he did it to protect Oh Sung-Yeon. Currently detained at Jeju Police Station. Will assess the situation quickly and meet the assigned detective.)</span></p><p data-uid="28f92d1f-b6c6-45e3-a1f5-259569602d92"><span>An article was set to drop tonight at 11, stating that Deok-Bae assaulted broadcast PDs. He had been doing better than ever, so I couldn't believe someone as thoughtful as Deok-Bae would do something like this.</span></p><p data-uid="c0ba090c-0ad6-4cd9-95b6-7fc9f9a46476"><span>But at the bottom, it said he did it to protect Oh Sung-Yeon. If Deok-Bae, whose career was on the line and who supported Han-Ul, caused an incident, then the PDs must have done something truly serious.</span></p><p data-uid="cf2ebb52-4084-4853-8d64-56fce03473b5"><span>At that moment, I knew what I had to do. Before Deok-Bae acted, I had to step in first and save Oh Sung-Yeon. From experience, I knew these kinds of issues never stopped unless I eliminated the root cause.</span></p><p data-uid="9abe074d-0514-49fc-b9d4-df89727cc17f"><span>"Why? Is something wrong?"</span></p><p data-uid="8f8adf51-2b9a-4bac-88b1-e082fc7c0cb8"><span>Perhaps because I was staring at my phone with a serious look, PD Park Eun-Chan of <em>The Omniscient Viewpoint</em> tilted his head.</span></p><p data-uid="ba7ddc31-9b5f-40bc-9cf3-bea38b80eafe"><span>I put my phone back into my inner pocket and shook my head. "No, it's nothing. Please start filming Miss Oh Sung-Yeon's portion first. I'll go get Deok-Bae."</span></p><p data-uid="b93fba54-c8db-46bf-86e4-bd1d104f7e16"><span>"Okay~" Park Eun-Chan began humming and called Oh Sung-Yeon. "Alright then, Miss Sung-Yeon. We'll start by filming the scene where you practice the script...</span></p>