---
title: "Chapter 695: Eun-Gi (2)"
weight: 695
---
<p data-uid="e9c0a38b-76ff-4e23-ac1f-9bfb275b3661"><span>The moment Kang Eun-Gi stepped out of the Southern Detention Center gates under the guards' protection, a released inmate wearing a black cap who was walking out with him pulled a knife from his bag and swung it toward Kang Eun-Gi's carotid artery.</span></p><p data-uid="341546aa-38a9-48fd-8a23-ef72505894ee"><span>At that moment, I shouted urgently, "Head down!!"</span></p><p data-uid="a82ee381-3210-441e-b473-d67a78e22317"><span>The instant Kang Eun-Gi heard my urgent voice, he reflexively ducked his head forward and rolled across the ground.</span></p><p data-uid="596f5ef9-4212-4b93-9209-b1190dba5760"><em><span>Whoosh~</span></em></p><p data-uid="34d0fa0b-5e65-43a2-9be0-a9900d2624bf"><span>Kang Eun-Gi barely avoided the knife swung by the man in the black cap, but there was still little distance between them.</span></p><p data-uid="c82085a5-d8b6-4ad8-91b2-04d4165da909"><span>As Kang Eun-Gi tried to get up from the ground, I ran toward him and shouted again. "Run!!"</span></p><p data-uid="368507c8-73e9-4462-a3ef-16fd5314ab06"><span>Without looking back, Kang Eun-Gi started sprinting forward. Having missed his strike, The black-capped ex-con regained his balance and chased after Kang Eun-Gi. However, his fast footwork closed the gap between them little by little.</span></p><p data-uid="2f294945-9821-4f39-b956-1efdc0f650f6"><span>Since it all happened right after the guards went back inside the prison, I was the closest person to them. So I gritted my teeth and ran even harder toward Kang Eun-Gi.</span></p><p data-uid="73987b29-b547-4718-bbb9-304dcf6888d4"><span>At that moment, the black-capped man had caught up enough to be within striking distance.</span></p><p data-uid="189e54f2-aa7a-44ac-b4eb-8949df4be382"><span>In a split-second crisis, I shouted to Kang Eun-Gi again. "To the side!!"</span></p><p data-uid="10c298d5-2d52-4ad2-9ad6-bdd1c3757ca9"><span>Kang Eun-Gi started running diagonally. The man's face, hidden behind Kang Eun-Gi, was now in view. In that instant, I hurled the phone in my right hand straight at his fac...</span></p>