---
title: "Chapter 556: Merge (2)"
weight: 556
---
<p data-uid="cb230dbf-c9b5-4ebd-a9e6-3c5840034a41"><span>Thanks to my efforts last year, the core of the Suhyaejong faction in our company was nearly dismantled.</span></p><p data-uid="b69ab001-ea13-4456-b3bd-82cc78c308bd"><span>Because of that, Choi Man-Sik's plan to take control of Hoop Entertainment through the Suhyaejong line hit a major setback. On top of that, a few days ago, I happened to thwart a plot to snatch Hope Hospital for free.</span></p><p data-uid="0e726593-dd77-4a27-af4f-cf6a576fc2d6"><span>Maybe because of that, there was a murderous glint in Choi Man-Sik's eyes as he stepped onto the stage for the merger ceremony with Gwanwoo Entertainment.</span></p><p data-uid="7b87be14-74e1-45a2-8536-7ad8b30ff853"><span>'<em>Jung Yoon-Ho. I'll never let you off the hook!</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="47c798f5-683f-46e8-bb61-793aa23326dc"><span>It was as if Choi Man-Sik's eyes were saying exactly that. However, I casually brushed off his gaze. After all, I already knew Choi Man-Sik wouldn't leave me alone ever since the day I first met him.</span></p><p data-uid="0b0a5771-633b-45c2-bac8-abb2089ccaaf"><span>Besides, today was the day the 'storm' was supposed to hit. So I had already prepared a way to counter Choi Man-Sik.</span></p><p data-uid="db73856c-b59e-4de0-9669-72f4134f7e01"><span>'<em>Let's see how this goes, President Choi.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="d233be4e-db0b-409c-8761-1a5ae3dc5602"><span>Choi Man-Sik kept his eyes fixed on me as he sat down in the chair prepared on stage.</span></p><p data-uid="a214a0bd-2b4a-4a06-b31e-3c3bdbe58cfe"><span>Kang Ji-Yung, holding the microphone, once again called for applause and support. "Please give a round of applause to the shareholders of Hoop Entertainment who made time to be here today."</span></p><p data-uid="fb75e604-0b92-46e8-a4b5-d494e61abce3"><span><em>Clap clap clap.</em></span></p><p data-uid="ebad9e85-9d04-4127-8cd2-8dab29a0eb2e"><span>The sound of applause echoed through the underground theater.</span></p><p data-uid="aae2429e-53a8-45b3-8ff6-de3e42b4a1fc"><span>"Then, we will now begin the merger ceremony."</span></p><p data-uid="61489c7d-b94b-42ad-873e-db29a2c2fe39"><span>Kang Ji-Yung began recounting the history of the two companies. If Hoop Entertainment had been a comprehensive entertainment company, then Gwanwoo Entertainment was more music-focus...</span></p>