---
title: "Chapter 829: Changed Status"
weight: 829
---
<p data-uid="a39663b4-ba5e-43ed-8eda-ba43061b22c7"><span><span>The shares I was known to hold within the company amounted to 3.5%. 3% was promised by Chairman Choi Eun-Tae, and another 0.5% came from the employee stock ownership plan.</span></span></p><p data-uid="b2f97830-a414-48ea-9e75-efa1278ebf87"><span><span>Meanwhile, the talent agents from Gwanwoo Entertainment collectively held 10%. From their perspective, I was just another small shareholder. That was why they casually spouted nonsense about disciplining me.</span></span></p><p data-uid="ab7ca68a-52f2-40bd-a71b-6dcab7ab3be8"><span><span>However, starting next Monday, I would receive another 12%, bringing my total share to over 15%. At that point, I would become the second-largest individual shareholder at Hoop Entertainment.</span></span></p><p data-uid="cdcc5704-73b1-44db-a2b7-838caf6a4f0e"><span><span>On top of that, Shin Jong-Ki, the president of LT Entertainment, had also agreed to grant me voting rights for 2% of his shares. And if I wanted, my white knights and the members of Devoted who held additional shares would gladly delegate their voting rights to me.</span></span></p><p data-uid="e7f8cb34-f9d0-4e70-b8a2-db8f184e9c93"><span><span>In other words, if I wished, I could call a shareholders' meeting and exercise the rights of the majority shareholder at any time. Of course, I had no intention of using that power since I trusted Kang Gam-Chan.</span></span></p><p data-uid="84850a52-188d-4ce0-a9d1-b7103ea52a6c"><span><span>Nevertheless, I also had no plans to quietly accept the constant pushback from the ex-Gwanwoo Entertainment talent agents any longer.</span></span></p><p data-uid="8c70faa3-208d-42d7-a938-c892a5b2314b"><span><span>Watching Chief Gu Seong-Cheol all worked up, I smiled and asked, "What exactly are they saying I should be disciplined for?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="e215cc96-bedf-416f-983b-19264f8e157c"><span><span>Gu Seong-Cheol stomped his feet in frustration. "Hey, Chief Jung, this is no time to be smiling! It looked serious!"</span></span></p><p data-uid="44c3ce27-ff35-42f0-913b-05641192f3ab"><span><span>"Mr. Gu, did the president look serious too?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="8cd92d6c-748c-4aa6-acef-a0bcb9541527"><span><span>Gu Seong-Cheol hesitated for a second. "The president?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="0cdbb7b9-46ea-4070-a3dd-10a5f7bf576c"><span><span>"Yes."</span></span></p><p data-uid="d9e2ec60-985a-4312-b26e-2a3654c53648"><span><span>"Well… Mr. Kang is not the type to get worked up. He just told me to bring you up."</span></span></p><p data-uid="213092a4-bbcd-4a62-9550-66b1111d5d12"><span><span>'</span><em><span>Exactly</span></em><span>.'</span></span></p><p data-uid="cc970f1b-a540-4031-9316-cf25583461c8"><span><span>President Kang Gam-Chan, Director Kang Ji-Yung, and Finance Director Jung...</span></span></p>