---
title: "Chapter 50: Fate Is Gathering (3)"
weight: 50
---
<p data-uid="a48a22d8-8943-47fd-ac04-2f0f5a381f03">In my hands was a script from Director Choi Sung-Moon, which I had obtained from the script department earlier that morning.</p><p data-uid="3bee30d5-84b9-4be2-a2ac-76834e0d644c">“This is Director Choi Sung-Moon’s latest script. He’s currently casting for this piece of work and I heard he has been facing challenges in securing a lead actor.”</p><p data-uid="05c66cae-e3ad-40ef-b8c5-cd347a83cb17">Choi Sung-Moon was one of the few directors known for achieving his artistic merit and commercial success. Most importantly, he was Lee Tae-Poong’s favorite director.</p><p data-uid="0af1aba7-a0f0-46bd-96fc-232dccd57d8a">“If you sign the contract with us, we’ll ensure that you get cast as the lead actor for this piece of work within the next three months.”</p><p data-uid="093d9f27-8f44-4720-931c-1c47d3a63fe1">I sensed Oh Duk-Gu’s questioning gaze, seemingly inquiring when I had prepared such a plan. However, I ignored it and focused on my conversation with Lee Tae-Poong.</p><p data-uid="cea54874-5c2b-4e00-9ea0-59dfe77ec4dc">Lee Tae-Poong appeared skeptical of my remark. “M-me? The lead actor in Mr. Choi’s work? How is that possible?”</p><p data-uid="da7de1f7-c831-4d3a-ba7d-6b20ec1dcc51">“If you follow my guidance, it’s entirely possible.”</p><p data-uid="2974c232-9f87-4415-bd52-dc6ab7965081">Once we successfully manage Lee Tae-Poong’s dyslexia, he would no longer be criticized for his poor acting skills. Setting aside his struggle with dyslexia, he was actually a pretty good actor. After hearing my offer, Lee Tae-Poong seemed to ponder deeply before sighing and nodding.</p><p data-uid="e1bec11b-a032-4f67-b6e4-f20e4ec0cbd8">“I would love to. It’s been my lifelong dream to star in a work...</p>