---
title: "Chapter 449: Hwangryong Film Association (3)"
weight: 449
---
<p data-uid="1da7a7cd-496f-4ada-b603-0d14eb517a02"><span>It seemed urgent, but I couldn't give him what he wanted for free. The one in a hurry was Yang Doo-Soo, not me.</span></p><p data-uid="bda0c36c-dbf1-4bff-972c-f9105686aec2"><span>For this reason, I pretended to hesitate slightly. "I'm not sure if we can manage the time, Mr. Yang."</span></p><p data-uid="72a1d95e-db71-497d-b128-964706bb02d7"><span>Yang Doo-Soo immediately responded. "We'll use our broadcasting headquarters' helicopter if we have to, so time won't be an issue!"</span></p><p data-uid="32da504c-768d-43ee-809a-262c5518e278"><span>I had also considered using a helicopter instead of a car.</span></p><p data-uid="223b4319-b641-41fa-8142-b3fad80c40ad"><span>When I appeared hesitant, Yang Doo-Soo urgently offered a deal. "Team Lead Jung, let's just get through today, alright? Then I'll ensure Tae-Poong, Ha-Na, and Cherry Blossom all get on the variety shows they want. Even if there's a new rookie, I'll get them in too. What do you say?"</span></p><p data-uid="d46aa2ec-e96e-42cb-8902-0402d32bc229"><span>Yang Doo-Soo, an entertainment PD with fifteen years of experience at SBC, was on friendly terms with the station's entertainment director. Additionally, he was the producer of the weekend variety show <em>Welcome to Weekend Pension</em>, which had a 13% viewership ratings.</span></p><p data-uid="a71f31aa-dcaa-4d32-9010-820b26a22911"><span>A PD of such caliber was promising that I could pick any show for my talents.</span></p><p data-uid="aeda104c-d024-4ba6-8f58-1439d59c87d7"><span>I asked, "Are you promising this?"</span></p><p data-uid="b11e0da4-3ed4-4c92-92f0-b177b0466628"><span>"Yes, I'm telling you! Even rookies, I'll make it happen."</span></p><p data-uid="fb71d51e-045f-4cca-963f-9a0a1dd9f945"><span>Having secured Yang Doo-Soo's promise, it was time to choose the singer for the performance.</span></p><p data-uid="2a165a81-90f9-484f-9f2c-e2bf95999276"><span>'<em>Who should I call?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="70cc6e45-2f51-453b-a53b-368390a95014"><span>Jo Ah-Yeon wanted Kang Ha-Na, but there was another option for singing 'New Beginning'.</span></p><p data-uid="f0b06658-e143-4912-a14a-ca470b9e6ea5"><span>That option was none other than vocal trainer Seo Yeon-Woo. Currently preparing for his singing debut with the <em>Hwaranjeon </em>original...</span></p>