---
title: "Chapter 29: Good Things Happen On Christmas (1)"
weight: 29
---
<p data-uid="7533c019-e490-491a-9514-d830b63609ab">“So, you have no idea how to play the role of a shaman, huh?”</p><p data-uid="e54d6c51-7212-4cf3-a414-a2d5339002fe">Lee Ji-Yeon’s new drama, <em>In the Name of God</em>, was a comedic piece where a passionate detective, a rookie female prosecutor, and a beautiful shaman team up to catch a murderer.</p><p data-uid="bd3d234e-7d78-4dd2-930f-abfcaaf211d2">The role that Lee Ji-Yeon expected Yoo-Jin to play was that of a young shaman. It was a role that was as significant as the male and female leads.</p><p data-uid="8babf6ca-ea2b-4197-81e8-e1d9eb5f53a7">“Playing the role of a shaman does seem interesting. But when I tried to practice my acting, I just couldn’t capture the essence of the role. Should I incorporate a knife dance into my portrayal of a shaman? Like this? Whoosh~ whoosh~!”</p><p data-uid="f586e6a8-2edd-499e-bf27-ca1c8949fe25">Holding chopsticks in both hands, Yoo-Jin mimicked the shaman’s knife dance and laughed. Though she was uncertain about playing the role of a shaman, she expressed confidence in playing the role of the second daughter in<em> Blue Sky</em> better than anyone else, especially since she used to work part-time at a BBQ restaurant for six months.</p><p data-uid="2022b74e-8274-4252-8d1d-51bdde2cc1f0">“You made a good choice. Recognizing what you can do is the first step in managing your filmography.”</p><p data-uid="866f5ea5-c7e0-465e-9809-21949e30d368">‘<em>So what if she can’t play the role of a shaman now? She can always do it later.</em>’</p><p data-uid="8957f0b9-0e54-465c-ad96-dc26e5b0a6b3">As actors progress in their careers and gain more experience, their capacity to take on a wider variety of roles naturally expands. Additionally, it was entirely possible to expedite the development of one’s ability to play a wide range of roles through learning.</p><p data-uid="d7e8d855-6a50-460b-ae4f-090914d568a6">If needed, I could help Yoo-Jin by visiting a professional shaman and...</p>