---
title: "Chapter 217: Her Transformation (3)"
weight: 217
---
<p data-uid="aa3e7baa-c63e-4da7-90b4-82bacc36270f">[Woo Yeon-Hee's Mother: Of course we need to renew the contract. But that's that and not very important right now. Mr. Jung, what do you want to eat this time? My husband insists that I ask you.]</p><p data-uid="a394f40d-7603-4f9c-877f-e0c3bd5e584d">[Yang Eun-Bi's Father: We trust only you, Mr. Jung. We were actually worried because you didn't bring up the contract renewal first. Please take good care of our daughter.]</p><p data-uid="4baa0b40-b97a-4cc5-9ed4-0a1a5a308987">[Yoo Eun-Ah's Mother: You said you'd take responsibility for Eun-Ah, so why would you hassle sending messages like this? Don't worry about my husband. How about we renew the contract for ten years?]</p><p data-uid="cc19be73-67af-4dd3-a5c8-1c4734eb91a9">[Kim Sae-Ri's Father: Sae-Ri is still a child. Please teach and guide her well, Mr. Jung. You can just handle the contract renewal on your own the way you want it. If you need my signature, I'll send it through my wife.]</p><p data-uid="13bb9a56-40da-4434-8053-12e8c7e7f64c">No matter how much effort I put in, it often got unacknowledged because that was the nature of a talent agent's job. Many times, efforts were disregarded due to greed for money or trivial dissatisfaction. But the parents of Cherry Blossom recognized my efforts.</p><p data-uid="a399cb77-1a0e-4177-a3e8-8c8c3d7362a3">And soon after, the members of Cherry Blossom, possibly contacted by their parents, also sent me messages.</p><p data-uid="4957b7f7-7545-4377-b247-259671075c17">[Woo Yeon-Hee: Oppa, my parents said they'll leave everything about the contract renewal to you.]</p><p data-uid="f537af76-738a-450d-88b7-c24cdc087147">[Yang Eun-Bi: My parents said they trust only you. They said I'll be dead if I look elsewhere, so don't worry...</p>