---
title: "Chapter 645: Seoul Regional Preliminary (4)"
weight: 645
---
<p data-uid="083032e2-a5ab-4232-8062-39d09dd3b063"><span>Go Eun-Seo had by far the most overwhelming aura among all the candidates so far.</span></p><p data-uid="6a3d31c7-76f2-41b7-86f4-b3447355f98e"><span>Long hair was flowing down to her waist each step she walked.&nbsp; She was wearing white Goodcci T-shirt and designer jeans. On top of that, she had a slender 168 cm frame, skin so fair and clear it looked like her features would vanish under the lights, and even deep dimples.</span></p><p data-uid="469216fe-4d5c-45c0-945c-fe6e664e8249"><span>Her looks alone was enough to understand why Ji Yung-Sik had come running to the waiting room in excitement.</span></p><p data-uid="8ee86460-cb22-4a18-8459-707e1f162215"><span>Sure enough, the judges couldn't take their eyes off her for a while.</span></p><p data-uid="9078ca87-291d-4660-9de4-9cb6909ff796"><span>"Hello, I'm candidate number 111, Go Eun-Seo."</span></p><p data-uid="74c15d17-c031-43cc-82fd-2ab1ab9e2fc9"><span>Lee Dong-Min wore a slightly thrilled expression, having already forgotten the chaos Han So-Ye had caused in the waiting room earlier. That was how attention-grabbing Go Eun-Seo was.</span></p><p data-uid="8b5310e8-65c8-4613-8208-af8a15ea5a85"><span>Then, Ahn Ye-Eum spoke to Go Eun-Seo. "You must've been quite popular being that pretty, huh, Miss Eun-Seo?"</span></p><p data-uid="a5cd4915-7e6d-4e01-8e78-756943e1f63f"><span>Go Eun-Seo flashed a charming smile. "Yes. Not just quite but <em>a lot</em>, actually."</span></p><p data-uid="f3880831-5bac-491e-89b5-91b518ccd4cb"><span>It was a slightly smug answer, but hard to refute since it was true. Of course, if netizens heard it, it would probably earn her a hundred thousand haters.</span></p><p data-uid="e295fd28-97d7-4093-968b-f05ed3160057"><span>Then Lee Dong-Min asked about the discrepancy between her and the second-round video. "You look better in person than in the audition video. Your skin tone looked darker in the video, though?"</span></p><p data-uid="67045b46-11a2-4b5d-a304-8da2af0a3b2e"><span>"<em>Oh</em>, that? The lighting team that was supposed to come didn't show up, so the lighting setup wasn't great."</span></p><p data-uid="9e1a819f-68fa-4087-9456-5d464cc94f05"><span>At the age of seventeen, it was rare for someone to think of hiring a lighting team for an audition shoot. It seemed likely Han So-Ye was helping out behind the scenes.</span></p><p data-uid="9dd28736-0850-45e4-9397-fc9dbe61749a"><span>The judges were once...</span></p>