---
title: "Chapter 427: Kim Dong-Soo'S Hidden Camera (2)"
weight: 427
---
<p data-uid="e5157c22-fb47-463b-bd08-c9ab0594e5f1"><span>[Everyday V12]</span></p><p data-uid="6f11c22e-38e9-415a-90be-0e8ec6d5861b"><span>[Date: November 23, 2020]</span></p><p data-uid="73e152cb-f581-452d-a0a8-ce40c5115e0d"><span>-10:00 p.m.: Chief Kim Dong-Soo's move to a small-scale officetel in Apgujeong. (Note: Do not hire a moving company.)</span></p><p data-uid="cc28933e-eeb3-423c-a01c-72fbf19162e4"><span>Two days later, Kim Dong-Soo would vacate his Samsung-dong apartment and relocate some of his belongings to another officetel. Following his instructions, only a safe and four large cardboard boxes would be moved.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="b8ff3d42-0129-4bbc-a83e-2aa39523e15a"><span>Given how much Kim Dong-Soo valued these items, I was certain they contained the hidden camera photos.</span></p><p data-uid="4d2337f4-7686-45bb-bfe2-7b29412f619a"><span>With this in mind, I planned to submit the actresses' complaints to Seo Jae-Ill along with the address and the exact date and time of Kim Dong-Soo's move. This way, Seo Jae-Ill could secure the evidence needed to arrest Kim Dong-Soo.</span></p><p data-uid="30fa24ed-3785-4014-ae08-34cc343a0807"><span>Choi Hye-Yeon blinked and asked, "Do you really know where the hidden camera photos are?"</span></p><p data-uid="63256d84-8a9d-468a-8244-153ccd1b1ab9"><span>I replied, "Yes."</span></p><p data-uid="b34b6774-ebe0-4cf2-9958-28ccb0068d7d"><span>"Then why didn't you tell us earlier?"</span></p><p data-uid="cbc6a802-0c39-45c0-90b7-1d4a36b3c03b"><span>"I wanted to see your resolve first."</span></p><p data-uid="02328d39-32c6-4c5e-a999-dc7864a21076"><span>Even though I knew the location, there was no guarantee the photos wouldn't leak. That's why I needed to gauge their determination before moving forward.</span></p><p data-uid="66d0b4c0-dbbf-4d7a-a0f6-aa2329fd6c75"><span>Woo Ji-Yung, a twenty-nine-year-old actress, hesitated before speaking tremblingly. "Mr. Jung. I know it's selfish to ask after saying we'd cooperate, but… what if something goes wrong and the photos get released?"</span></p><p data-uid="54f5ebce-f0d9-422e-9873-13b31cae3719"><span>I met Woo Ju-Yung's eyes directly and replied, "You know how Ms. Choi Ji-Yung overcame...</span></p>