---
title: "Chapter 333: Apology (2)"
weight: 333
---
<p data-uid="acc16c3d-c60a-44b8-84f1-a5bb4bebffea"><span>Inside CK Entertainment's president's office, Jo Jae-Kyung and Son Yung-Im walked in as Son Hyung-Tae gestured toward the sofa across from mine.</span></p><p data-uid="e55a1790-6578-4ed9-825e-e2db706cecfa"><span>To reinforce the formal nature of this meeting, he addressed them with their titles. "Please have a seat here, Mrs. Son, Director Jo."</span></p><p data-uid="302dc806-2818-4243-abee-c5fd727a0ff9"><span>Son Yung-Im and Jo Jae-Kyung sat down reluctantly across from us.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="ecca0220-135f-4320-85bc-472bd78c7ac3"><span>At that moment, Son Hyung-Tae seized the opportunity to steer the conversation before they could even speak. "Alright, alright! It seems like there's been a bit of a misunderstanding here, so why don't we have Director Jo apologize quickly and sign the settlement? Team Lead Jung here is a busy man!"</span></p><p data-uid="10800082-bbe9-4154-b0a8-dc5ad94bdbc7"><span>Jo Jae-Kyung hesitated as Son Hyung-Tae pushed for an apology. Even in my past life, Jo Jae-Kyung had never apologized to anyone.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="0499d967-b814-409b-9795-b59808b5516b"><span>As I curiously waited to see how Jo Jae-Kyung might handle this, Son Yung-Im abruptly intervened with a burst of irritation. "President Son, before we talk about any apology from him, Director Jo needs to receive an apology first."</span></p><p data-uid="0dbc209d-e82d-429a-8307-c2556bf19f30"><span>'</span><em><span>Wow. What audacity,</span></em><span>' I thought.</span></p><p data-uid="36373134-2781-4a2c-8d66-32ab0ca5b5ae"><span>For a brief moment, the muscles in Son Hyung-Tae's forehead twitched at the sheer absurdity of her words.</span></p><p data-uid="3ae77247-a25a-4e86-945e-5343fed87b07"><span>"Mrs. Son, could you please step back a little here?" Son Hyung-Tae responded.</span></p><p data-uid="d5b528e4-d8a6-4f13-8115-44c38636aadd"><span>"President Son, do you have any idea how much we're losing because Director Jo's next project got scrapped? His reputation is in tatters and we're hemorrhaging money. No way can I have Director Jo apologize under these circumstances."</span></p><p data-uid="3cbf1637-d4f8-43af-87a7-c5a447556452"><span>Son Hyung-Tae raised his voice and glared at Son Yung-Im. "It's not canceled but just delayed a little...</span></p>