---
title: "Chapter 424: Coffee Truck (1)"
weight: 424
---
<p data-uid="ecc630e3-24c3-4bb3-85ef-92a25c5f2dd7"><span>Ju Yung-In appeared on the <em>Hwaranjeon</em> set, fully made up in her usual dazzling outfit.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="ac69f65e-cd7f-44dc-825f-a233e01a5c41"><span>She wore a bright ivory long coat over a white blouse and beige long skirt, paired with black boots and a deep gray bag that added the perfect accent.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="a168b66e-b1ca-4b03-9394-7d78c7c28b43"><span>Her hair, still as long as ever, now flowed in a dyed black shade instead of its former light brown to reflect her role as the black-haired beauty protagonist in <em>Wolf of the Battlefield</em>.</span></p><p data-uid="e4c30a5c-aad8-4856-8d15-9c12a7228aab"><span>"Miss Yung-In! You must be so busy with filming. What brings you all the way to Gyeongju?"</span></p><p data-uid="4b8684c0-4e78-4ee9-bf90-6c268196ed40"><span>The moment Ju Yung-In arrived, reporters quickly abandoned Min Gyu-Ri to swarm around her. No amount of Min Gyu-Ri's charm could overcome the gap as Ju Yung-In was simply in another league.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="96615a8b-73b0-4ec6-90ce-e03e27816078"><span>Naturally, this would make a world of difference in article view counts.</span></p><p data-uid="ac14503d-bb8b-45d3-8175-0c7cbbf21138"><span>With a bright smile, Ju Yung-In pointed to the coffee truck's signboard. "It's written right here. I'm here to cheer for my friends Yoo-Jin and Miso."</span></p><p data-uid="3fe7d096-2046-452b-9ff1-e044df5e0452"><span>At the same time, Ju Yung-In faced the cameras with a playful fist pose. "Jung Yoo-Jin, you've got this! I'm counting on you!"</span></p><p data-uid="0c14aa96-d1b9-4662-9fed-7879995e722f"><span>As Ju Yung-In struck her cheering pose with a cute smile, the reporters' cameras clicked rapidly.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="42d04787-cf8a-47f7-a06a-20e5ce399c3d"><span>Currently, Ju Yung-In was at the center of national hopes to break the Korean wave in China while solidifying her stardom across Asia with the success of <em>In the Name of God</em>. It would be no exaggeration to say she was now a top s...</span></p>