---
title: "Chapter 127: The Temptation From Ace Entertainment"
weight: 127
---
<p data-uid="10c9e698-ff1a-44d7-a6ac-2e2ad888199b">The suggestion I gave was to keep the identity of the actress playing Manshin Wol-Ah a secret until the right moment.</p><p data-uid="9167edbc-55ca-468e-965f-e591b7d201e8">Lee Ji-Yeon laughed heartily. "<em>Ha ha</em>. Yoon-Ho, your ideas are always so ingenious. This is going to be fun. I might need to make some more adjustments to the script, though."</p><p data-uid="1b1263f5-ac4c-4068-b80b-09f7160995fc">As expected, Lee Ji-Yeon was all for it.</p><p data-uid="f42255be-d97f-4de6-a3f3-5c561a48eea9">But Yoo-Jin still looked worried. "Oppa, I understand that Mrs. Kim Soo-Hee will help me out, but can we really make my face look old?"</p><p data-uid="f5c9237a-b129-40f7-994c-97f11eae6fbc">I smirked and replied, "Don't worry. We can leave it to Assistant Manager Yang So-Ri."</p><p data-uid="a96511f4-c8f6-4226-9af0-1d8e416f3f83">"So-Ri unnie?"</p><p data-uid="649ffbd2-27dd-4a82-aba6-ee79b6092443">Based on my knowledge of the future, the makeup artist for Actor Division 2, Yang So-Ri would soon leave Hoop Entertainment to work with a film company's makeup team. If she could make a normal person look like an alien, aging makeup should be a piece of cake.</p><p data-uid="119613d7-b60e-4c05-bed1-af0dd52a4c26">With Kim Soo-Hee's coaching and Yang So-Ri's special makeup, Yoo-Jin's transformation into Manshin Wol-Ah would be complete—then all that would remain is maintaining secrecy.</p><p data-uid="e56dbe8e-eedf-4f27-bf00-433d0abac764">'<em>And that's my area of expertise.</em>'</p><p data-uid="48945751-dafe-4213-bf18-d3da62b4fee7">As I continued to explain, a hint of anticipation began to appear on Yoo-Jin's face and she spoke, "Then..."</p><p data-uid="df52f52f-1b9e-40b2-8572-d18e70fa5910">"Yoo-Jin, let's give it a try. What do you say?" I asked.</p><p data-uid="9d7a4f3a-ce6e-44b8-8844-edd3e63847c7">"Yes, Yoo-Jin~. It's going to be fun," echoed Lee Ji-Yeon.</p><p data-uid="10453896-ce90-4b6b-be39-0ac0f5572db1">Yoo-Jin nodded as she looked at Lee Ji-Yeon and me.</p><p data-uid="33b1a70a-2b13-4a50-819b-87395ec0d6c5">"Okay! Let's give it a shot. It's all or nothing!” Yoo-Jin exclaimed...</p>