---
title: "Chapter 62: Good Bye"
weight: 62
---
<p data-uid="bdb5ec04-6513-47e5-8818-6a8e4f4c556f">When Kang Gam-Chan announced a 1 billion won investment in <em>Blue Sky</em>, both Kim Gab-Soo and the head of Blue Dragon were delighted. Even though Yoo-Jin's likability had increased significantly after today’s documentary's airing, the success of <em>Blue Sky</em> wasn't guaranteed.</p><p data-uid="c58b0908-bae0-4389-952d-6b5f6c0378e8"><em>'I can't believe it, 1 billion in cash? Our president really is generous.'</em></p><p data-uid="c2ccdef9-6c66-4947-a97e-64fc1dbdcbca">Such a collaborative partnership, where both parties were willing to share the production risk with the understanding that the net earnings would be shared upon success, was indeed a rare and valuable occurrence in this industry.</p><p data-uid="b0182e1f-6f51-46af-b7f8-62a818de04b4">The elated Kim Gab-Soo burst into laughter. "Hahaha. But don’t you think you are overdoing it a bit?"</p><p data-uid="ba0efcc3-9379-483d-852e-b04e0d10890c">"Well, we did cause some trouble this time. It's only right that we do this."</p><p data-uid="1ae18978-733c-4376-9b7d-bebcfca69984">"Wow, it's our lucky day at SBC."</p><p data-uid="a4ed487e-c0ff-4c7a-a0ef-163eb18d89db">I held my laughter in because I found all of this funny. <em>Blue Sky</em> was bound to achieve the highest viewership ratings this year no matter what. Midway through the drama, both SBC and Blue Dragon would probably regret taking our company’s investment offer. Instead of having the profit split two-way, it would now be split three-way.</p><p data-uid="f5092438-56dc-426f-955a-35447d1fcf8f">And that was not all. If Hoop Entertainment took this opportunity and became one of the main investors, it would be difficult for the drama staff to mistreat our actors.</p><p data-uid="b7b33649-b0c7-4265-9e8e-f427b11d8a6b">Jo Eung-Gu stood up to shake Kang Gam-Chan's hand firmly. "Thank you, Mr. Kang."</p><p data-uid="4f3bb6b0-8556-410f-8c28-e97c8fc97d26"><em>Grip!</em></p><p data-uid="a5055090-9e66-4b3a-b3d5-f063153f97bd">The two men exchanged a firm handshake and a determined smile.</p><p data-uid="020b256b-119d-4a2b-9ee8-6f609070ee78">"<em>Hahaha</em>,...</p>