---
title: "Chapter 176: Choi Man-Sik (1)"
weight: 176
---
<p data-uid="99b1902d-9c4d-4a2d-a4b6-e6322cf2b87c">"Whatever proposal Choi Man-Sik makes, accept it without question," Kang Ji-Yung said.</p><p data-uid="88c8db94-77b2-4a54-86b4-bc55b649f047">I questioned whether I had heard her correctly. '<em>Did I hear that wrong?</em>'</p><p data-uid="0393faa6-ec1b-4b70-a91c-f95d1314fb30">There was only one thing that Choi Man-Sik, one of the shareholders of Hood Entertainment, would have to say to me in person.</p><p data-uid="09aec051-580e-45f3-a4be-83e9fe8c1e37">"Even if he tells me to switch lines?" I asked.</p><p data-uid="2090ce1a-eba0-4e9f-a379-211d6fb429c6">Kang Ji-Yung bit her lip tightly and nodded. "Yes."</p><p data-uid="5588552c-4a21-4b64-a953-1ffa4445977b">Her response took me by surprise. '<em>Huh?</em>'</p><p data-uid="02b317ca-9741-4360-9576-a1240aeaa20b">That wasn't the reaction I expected.</p><p data-uid="b5b7c313-30a0-4740-9d18-5f2278362185">"Do you…do you really mean that?"</p><p data-uid="5493adcd-2370-49cd-a125-7826add6f154">Kang Ji-Yung nodded. "The important thing is that you don't get hurt, Team Lead Jung. So just do as you're told for now."</p><p data-uid="d1d393d3-0480-4023-bba4-eb7973738897">The teacup in her hand trembled and a gentle ripple spread across the surface of the tea in the cup. It seemed like Kang Ji-Yung was quite upset to only be able to say this much.</p><p data-uid="fc7c4678-c29f-4416-a667-c3957dc0bbb1">But it couldn't be helped. After all, Choi Man-Sik was never someone to get close to.</p><p data-uid="069c20d3-6b84-4e23-b47b-25515630af2e">In a year, Choi Man-Sik would betray his adoptive father, President Choi Eun-Tae, who had taken him in and raised him. After that, he would split Hoop Entertainment with Kim Dong-Soo and become a major shareholder of Top Entertainment.</p><p data-uid="f191299b-d513-4259-870a-db96b59a599c">Even after becoming a vice president in my past life, I had only met him a handful of times. But I still remembered him as a despicable person. It wasn't just because he betrayed his adoptive father, but also because he would summon rookie female idols to entertain guests every month.</p><p data-uid="02f9bfd1-cdee-4082-abf4-04681ad4faed">I remembered having countless arguments with Kim Dong-Soo...</p>