---
title: "Chapter 805: Outside Pressure"
weight: 805
---
<p data-uid="6dab163d-262c-4b3b-9449-213083f910b2"><span><span>"Mr. Saigo Ryota, please return to Japan immediately."</span></span></p><p data-uid="10b13a19-0744-4cf0-8974-08d648ebf060"><span><span>President Hiroshi of AMOSE had accepted my proposal to assign his second son, Sasuke, as the exclusive partner for </span><em><span>Project I.O.A</span></em><span>. And Sasuke was appointed as the head of the Japanese staff and sent to Korea.</span></span></p><p data-uid="6fe19d52-8576-4f9d-b46c-41fbb73c3909"><span><span>Yet AMOSE, worried about "dim-witted" Sasuke's inexperience, also dispatched Saigo Ryota—a ten-year veteran at thirty-five years old—as his operational support.</span></span></p><p data-uid="9f965643-06f5-46e5-a426-39809068c040"><span><span>From day one in Korea, Saigo Ryota ignored Sasuke and began making unilateral decisions. And now, he had the audacity to accept the AMOSE board's decision to push Kudo Minatsu on his own.</span></span></p><p data-uid="baf45e41-be91-4b7a-b602-36ac6ae999be"><span><span>Furious, Sasuke was issuing a firm directive to Saigo Ryota for overstepping his authority. Saigo Ryota couldn't hide the flusteredness in his voice.</span></span></p><p data-uid="cdd05952-cd12-4300-818a-f81c4e9dc8ee"><span><span>"Sasuke. Are you saying this because I accepted the board's decision without you?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="84b9a48a-08c1-4215-947c-5f4789190f71"><span><span>"What else would it be? If you're going to overstep to this extent, you should be prepared to take responsibility."</span></span></p><p data-uid="7e131da4-e4b4-49c8-a7d0-4f16193b944b"><span><span>Saigo Ryota spoke like he had been wronged.</span></span></p><p data-uid="521c5c4c-7681-492f-b614-2b02c1383d13"><span><span>"</span><em><span>Sigh</span></em><span>… Look, Sasuke. I'm sorry if I hurt your pride, but I just thought you'd struggle dealing with those old geezers on the board. I was only trying to help!"</span></span></p><p data-uid="5bf1e8d1-3cb6-4dd2-9c9b-07bc901df0e1"><span><span>"No matter what the board said, exercising full authority without reporting to me in my absence is a serious overreach. I won't tolerate it any longer. Return to Japan immediately."</span></span></p><p data-uid="2f592ff5-6b1a-4817-a3af-47afa5473d3b"><span><span>Saigo Ryota, startled by Sasuke's unexpectedly firm stance, switched tactics and tried to appease him.</span></span></p><p data-uid="eebeec92-16e0-463f-bac7-8dd68dc51a4f"><span><span>"Hey, I'm really...</span></span></p>