---
title: "Chapter 827: Change In Contract (1)"
weight: 827
---
<p data-uid="0b80a7b9-bad6-4629-9b4b-fbe2b36a7e48"><span>After starting the recording on my phone, I approached the Jeonghan University student who was frowning hard. He stood around 185 centimeters tall, with a buzz cut and a stocky frame that screamed gym rat.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="907a1d05-f42f-4d2e-a971-a3a400886aa2"><span>He scowled again and said, "</span><em><span>Ugh</span></em><span>. Mister, mind your own- </span><em><span>oh</span></em><span>?"</span></p><p data-uid="a243b5ef-0a3a-464a-bed9-64c01275488e"><span>It was only then that the Jeonghan University student who had earlier told me to get lost realized who I was and flinched.</span></p><p data-uid="5ecc6f19-3813-4d2e-8a73-16669ce6a61d"><span>"I got out because this seems to be a matter involving my company. I heard some disagreement about Berry Six. What's going on exactly?" I asked.</span></p><p data-uid="3aa78026-ce84-467d-99f7-53c876996013"><span>The Jeonghan University student spoke again with the same grating attitude, not even offering an apology. "Oh… it's nothing major. I'm Choi Tae-Jong, the student council president of Jeonghan University in Seoul. We had a little conflict with the Daeseong University student council over booking acts for next month's spring festival. But I've already spoken with Mr. Yoon Dong-Gu, so you can stay out of it."</span></p><p data-uid="8e579ff2-14be-47c1-a672-98cf8a1514eb"><span>I figured he must still be unaware of my influence within Hoop Entertainment. It was so ridiculous I nearly laughed, but before I could respond, the female student from Daeseong University in Suwon spoke up in frustration.</span></p><p data-uid="3c679e4f-abe6-4f3a-a910-1017986b6aa5"><span>"I'm Lee Seo-Hae, president of the student council at Daeseong University. Last week, we made a verbal agreement with Mr. Yoon Dong-Gu to book Berry Six for five million won. But then Jeonghan University swooped in and stole them."</span></p><p data-uid="e1934c8c-2746-493c-8177-f008280e9147"><span>Choi Tae-Jong, the Jeonghan president, exploded. "Stole? What do you mean stole! You didn't have the money, so you couldn't seal the deal!"</span></p><p data-uid="b3560103-0861-4ce3-b49a-c75fef16551e"><span>I gave Choi Tae-Jong a sharp glare. "I'm talking with this student right now, aren't I?"</span></p><p data-uid="b875b6ae-3ec7-4a7f-876f-bcc6eaa6045c"><span>That shut him up, huffing and puffing but staying quiet.</span></p><p data-uid="8b11c0d5-9a49-4286-82a6-7ae730856ef7"><span>I turned back to the Daeseong University president. "Please...</span></p>