---
title: "Chapter 522: Best Or Worst (3)"
weight: 522
---
<p data-uid="ffdd0630-d983-4d85-9b7b-6e7e1efbd09c"><span>"Thank you for coming, Jason."</span></p><p data-uid="0c0f1edc-43c2-4a44-a819-41e68932331e"><span>The person who had come to the scene was Jason Cho, whom I had helped during the Hwangryong Film Association.</span></p><p data-uid="eedab498-74b2-454e-8128-2435026a09be"><span>Currently, he ran JJ Studio and was regarded as the top men's fashion designer in Korea. However, he originally designed not only menswear but also women's dresses. That was why I had asked Jason Cho to help with this matter.</span></p><p data-uid="a7bc3525-5932-41f4-b03e-fc97b3e314ce"><span>"I really appreciate you coming today. This could damage your reputation..."</span></p><p data-uid="c8c731ca-e072-480f-976f-5b9c65c395e0"><span>"If repaying my debt for the Oh Ji-Seok incident only takes this much, then it's a relief. Besides, posting on Instargem isn't a big deal. Don't worry~"</span></p><p data-uid="41da7135-0896-4417-b049-3d4b391f8ab2"><span>I had asked Jason Cho to write a post on Instargem as part of my plan to deceive Jo Jin-Hee. His Instargem, followed by around two hundred thousand people, was mainly tracked by fashion industry insiders and reporters. In other words, if Jason Cho left a comment about the fake outfit, there was a chance that Jo Jin-Hee would believe the 'false information' that Yoo-Jin's final outfit had changed.</span></p><p data-uid="63433fec-9be3-4fd6-868a-bc6b02426d40"><span>"Then please upload the post once Yoo-Jin changes and comes out. There is no need for a picture."</span></p><p data-uid="f439fa8d-f1f8-454f-9de6-ba594130fcfd"><span>"Got it."</span></p><p data-uid="3fb49169-608a-4547-b43e-47fc4dafe466"><span>With everything prepared, it was time to put the plan into action. I turned to Yoo-Jin standing in front of the dressing room. "Yoo-Jin, can you change into dress number one, the red mosquito net dress?"</span></p><p data-uid="32c1d582-7bf2-418f-9506-d8b4532a4311"><span>Yoo-Jin saluted playfully. "Yes, sir!"</span></p><p data-uid="2d88dca4-993a-46e4-9a59-8fbb73d98eb7"><span>Lee Yung-Ah entered the dressing room with Yoo-Jin, holding...</span></p>