---
title: "Chapter 115: Winter After Spring? (4)"
weight: 115
---
<p data-uid="2be95e3c-331e-41f9-8732-9d843f373998">At the filming location of <em>Blue Sky</em>, Yoo-Jin successfully wrapped up her first kiss scene in just one take.</p><p data-uid="bfb51971-aba4-4800-82e2-4a90f72fe1d4">"Okay~! Let's take a short break and then we'll go straight to scene 326."</p><p data-uid="ce43da26-c2d9-4c82-b9d6-d235a91fd5b0"><em>Clap, clap, clap!</em></p><p data-uid="618484ad-b764-4102-a96e-ccfaa8b407db">Though all actors tend to tense up during kiss scenes, today's scene went one smoothly without any rush.</p><p data-uid="de16417a-b66b-4042-b974-6673e782d6c8">This was because Hoop Entertainment had requested for the kiss scene to be faked just before the shoot.</p><p data-uid="ee394742-398e-4a2c-a5ba-90d511621cb5">"Good work, sunbae."</p><p data-uid="327cefeb-71cf-4e46-8223-bb444c411d47">After the shoot, Yoo-Jin smiled at Choi Jong-Hyuk and returned to the waiting chair.</p><p data-uid="b5cf937a-5092-4a22-9399-9bf4f559afa6">"Uh, y-yeah. You too..."</p><p data-uid="3dbee757-187a-45dd-a06e-a5bc9bcf1576">The more Yoo-Jin distanced herself, the more obsessed Choi Jong-Hyuk's heart became.</p><p data-uid="ee080a7c-65b6-426d-b45c-7ca29981e133">Choi Jong-Hyuk returned to his StarCraft van and spat out a curse. "Is she playing hard to get with me right now?"</p><p data-uid="3205da3f-2a22-41c9-aaab-741536d3e8f1">Reclining on the chair, Choi Jong-Hyuk started to get annoyed with Jung Yoo-Jin, who appeared tantalizingly close yet remained out of reach. He was no different than a boy in elementary school lashing out at the girl he liked.</p><p data-uid="179aede7-8b9e-4818-a566-d75bcff64f20">Initially, everything was just an act to create a scandal under the orders of Director Ma Dong-Pal. But Choi Jong-Hyuk had ended up developing true feelings for Jung Yoo-Jin.</p><p data-uid="3f5a71ea-ee38-4a0a-904b-5c80e5259215">"Could it be that she really has no feelings for me?" questioned Choi Jong-Hyuk.</p><p data-uid="1c8afc7c-7b56-43b5-b332-99eed2ef824e">But he soon shook his head and said, "Nah. No way. That can't be."</p><p data-uid="94121382-9787-4d2e-af2c-93b47e20cf1d">He believed that no woman could resist him...</p>