---
title: "Chapter 358: Ju Yung-In (4)"
weight: 358
---
<p data-uid="f953c30a-c49f-47ec-bd60-e4c7f1889859"><span>Ju Yung-In sat at the rooftop bar on the 14th floor of the Peninsula Shanghai Hotel, a place where the stunning night view of Shanghai spread out before her.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="8e484195-69f6-48ef-af2d-93958bb71000"><span>However, she paid no attention to the view and focused instead on drinking whiskey straight. After downing three shots of strong whiskey in quick succession, Ju Yung-In called the bartender over for a fourth. "Hey, over here~"</span></p><p data-uid="11fbdc88-fa6d-45cc-aaab-15e562943caa"><span>That's when Ahn Yung-Hee, who was sitting next to her, tried to intervene. "Yung-In, that's enough."</span></p><p data-uid="ee3c7c5e-4f37-47b9-a89f-a9769686a473"><span>"Mrs. Ahn, I got rejected today. I'm about to lose my mind, so let me have just one more. Okay?"</span></p><p data-uid="cc55b460-ac84-48c4-8530-e065efec1754"><span>Ahn Yung-Hee shook her head with a calm expression and showed no sign of surprise. "We have an early schedule tomorrow, remember? You've had enough. It's time to head back and sleep. Come on."</span></p><p data-uid="ec3e5079-ad73-48bd-a443-40948a935eff"><span>Ju Yung-In started to grumble. "<em>Ugh. </em>First I got turned down by a guy and now my talent agent's getting on my nerves. <em>Ah,</em> Ju Yung-In has such a poor life!"</span></p><p data-uid="11f678c5-32dd-4ff3-acd3-ee717d021abe"><span>Ahn Yung-Hee glanced around. Although the people around them were mostly Chinese, her heart raced with anxiety that someone might understand their conversation.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="976a17af-5364-429f-8f79-f1ba2d357a4a"><span>Fortunately, the nearest table was far enough that their conversation wouldn't be overheard.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="3a67cc5b-4f92-4a7c-9dc5-2428345f543c"><span>Ahn Yung-Hee sighed in relief, then lowered her voice and spoke sharply. "Hey! I told you to give up, didn't I? It's obvious that guy isn't interested in you, so why keep chasing him? He's not the only man in the world."</span></p><p data-uid="e9998d97-44a8-49bf-9fba-fdb1e28432bf"><span>"No, he's not. But there's no one else like Yoon-Ho oppa."</span></p><p data-uid="9a731754-1053-48f8-89ae-805824a7665c"><span>"What?"</span></p><p data-uid="c6761b9c-b51a-47d0-b9a4-1406de6dcfbb"><span>"I'll be honest. I originally chose to act in the projects chosen by Yoon-Ho oppa just to outshine Yoo-Jin. But do you know what's funny? I ended up getting trampled instead....</span></p>