---
title: "Chapter 167: Family Court Investigator"
weight: 167
---
<p data-uid="59a4bfb1-1d12-46d8-8b1a-570af74a86ff">The family court investigator showing an aggressive attitude could only happen if it was directed by a judge. After all, they served as the eyes and ears of the judge in custody disputes.</p><p data-uid="38c9dcfe-7307-474f-b979-7b606e8d0cd4">In other words, the family court investigator was nothing more than an avatar acting on the judge's orders.</p><p data-uid="50c9522f-5e2e-44d7-bf4b-3c2b02f792ba">Because of this, I also came to question the judge's credibility. Simply replacing the investigator wouldn't resolve matters if the judge remained unchanged.</p><p data-uid="be9a49fa-013e-4f50-a6d3-2d1a827ad6a4">"Didn't you hear me? I said I'm going to file a motion to recuse the judge, so please leave!" I shouted.</p><p data-uid="08951b56-5d8d-4076-b690-608cc40f6963">The flustered Oh Min-Jung yelled back with her chubby cheeks trembling. "How dare you insult our judge! Are you out of your mind? Now that I see what's going on in person, this really won't do. The home environment is a mess and the talent agent is extremely rude! This is no proper place for a child to live in. I'll definitely report this to the judge and..."</p><p data-uid="af50584e-d900-4a2d-83a6-dc350250fcf6">"No, you don't need to bother," I interjected.</p><p data-uid="ae4a6bc5-1528-40fc-b483-8e6097639213">"Wh-what did you say?" Oh Min-Jung asked in confusion.</p><p data-uid="dc406645-09c7-45a7-a585-f80686087bee">"Also, see that security camera over there? It has recorded a month's worth of the home environment, so I'll submit it directly to the court."</p><p data-uid="36d0eb4d-0f1e-4177-9426-bbf8fb1113d7">When I pointed to the security camera installed above the curtains, Oh Min-Jung finally realized that my words were not just an empty threat.</p><p data-uid="31d26c13-d21c-46ff-aa29-62b33c916930">"Wh-what? Why is there a security camera inside the house...?"</p><p data-uid="7fb2c46b-a13b-4969-bb7d-3ae9f1df367c">"Oh, and it would be quite interesting to compare the footage with...</p>