---
title: "Chapter 473: Jinseong Inc (3)"
weight: 473
---
<p data-uid="cd18c7bc-7d19-4331-ae02-4e65d167ac6f"><span>Jin Myung-Gyu shouted once again. "Why aren't you answering? Are you the one who promised to hand over the recipe or not?"</span></p><p data-uid="f800a443-97a7-49e0-9af0-8987150a3826"><span>Since I had already chosen my side, I replied without blinking an eye. "Yes, I provided the recipe. But is that a problem?"</span></p><p data-uid="4b5bcddc-eecb-454e-8142-8385a1338a23"><span>At that moment, Jin Myung-Gyu's face trembled with rage. "What? You little bastard… What did you just say?"</span></p><p data-uid="2c89eac5-00d9-4721-8921-902c0b3cdc3d"><span>Most people would have lowered their heads before Jin Myung-Gyu. After all, Jinseong Inc was ranked 25th in the business world and he was the most likely candidate to become its next president.</span></p><p data-uid="09ae706c-a8c7-4543-8126-903596355a66"><span>But I didn't even blink as I glared back at him. "I may not be one of Jinseong's people, but why is that a problem? Even you have licensed snacks and drinks that were outsourced to Japan and the US. Isn't 'Sweet Bongbong' a prime example?"</span></p><p data-uid="9eced35c-a6fe-4c8f-ad38-e92b866131d9"><span>When Jin Myung-Gyu was the president of Jinseong Foods, they had launched the 'Sweet Bongbong' product series in partnership with a Japanese license. However, the cocoa-based soda 'Sweet Bongbong' had failed miserably as it didn't suit Korean tastes.</span></p><p data-uid="4da1b333-1bd9-491e-ae37-7eb5b8a5220d"><span>Mentioning this failure made Jin Myung-Gyu's face flush red. "You… You insolent little…"</span></p><p data-uid="307ff29c-6b49-4cc6-a153-96a73396f606"><span>The sight of him yelling in anger reminded me of how he had cursed me out before my regression.</span></p><p data-uid="be43ecdb-69ff-44ba-87cc-73c90a4b228a"><span>-Why does a lackey for entertainers have so much to say?</span></p><p data-uid="589d97d7-c1c8-4f76-bba0-d5767c1c99ed"><span>-Just do as you're told. Where did you learn to talk back like that?</span></p><p data-uid="5ddc4100-1928-47b0-8d5f-c8fa6be7e27f"><span>-These useless actors have no sense of reality. Spoil them and they think they're untouchable....</span></p>