---
title: "Chapter 703: Setup (1)"
weight: 703
---
<p data-uid="ff714af9-e616-418a-9382-1e081c791950"><span>-One of the child cast members for the popular segment 'Drawing Time' on </span><em><span>Round and Round Friends! </span></em><span>had dropped out. How about Miso? I reached out because Miso said she liked to draw during that day's </span><em><span>Haze </span></em><span>audition interview.</span></p><p data-uid="228cf6e0-7d57-4873-a198-43c606a801e2"><span>As grateful as I was for the offer, there was a big problem. Miso did like drawing, but her style wasn't very mainstream. If I had to compare, it resembled the style of Kandinsky, the father of abstract art, or Cézanne and Picasso from cubism and modern art.</span></p><p data-uid="319e5973-f80b-4e46-b5b6-ce5c6edda06f"><span>In other words, it was so original that I was afraid to show Miso's artwork to the public. I was worried Miso might lose one of the joys in life if others judged her art.</span></p><p data-uid="f0aeea86-3cbf-4d93-bdac-af006c2cc4ca"><span>On top of that, EBC's </span><em><span>Round and Round Friends!</span></em><span> 'Drawing Time' segment also included a 'Follow-Along' part taught by the famous overseas-trained artist, Jamie. That segment featured three other kids her age, and I worried that Miso might be compared and become the target of teasing.</span></p><p data-uid="16434a69-a495-4271-a322-cdce288861b4"><span>As I struggled to decide how to respond to PD Yang Tae-Ji's suggestion, Miso, sitting across from me, looked up with bright eyes and asked, "Uncle Yoon-Ho, what's wrong? Are you sick?"</span></p><p data-uid="7bf68488-ba7a-426b-8959-2d1219eccf67"><span>'</span><em><span>Yeah. I'm sick. My heart is aching, Miso</span></em><span>.'</span></p><p data-uid="b82115e3-aecb-4734-a2aa-42653306b3d8"><span>I felt bad because I couldn't get Miso on the show she wanted.</span></p><p data-uid="14c3e925-bfb9-4e2b-a0a4-dd0edeb76d19"><span>Then, Yang Tae-Ji asked again.</span></p><p data-uid="b99abc39-a5b7-4199-a773-9cf8fde9a09f"><span>-</span><em><span>Hmm</span></em><span>~ Why? Was it a hard request? Well, Miso had become a star now, so I thought it wouldn't be easy...</span></p><p data-uid="e3c4c1fb-2b1b-4560-b105-e56bbc805d55"><span>"I'm sorry, Ms. Yang. I was checking Miso's schedule, so it took a while. If it's okay, could I give you an answer after discussing it with Miso and Yoo-Jin?"</span></p><p data-uid="b0c38d55-d080-43f5-b727-a2eeb11cca88"><span>-</span><em><span>Oh~</span></em><span> sure. By the way, if you had any of Miso's drawings, could you send them to me via Kk Talk? Now that I think of it, I've never actually...</span></p>