---
title: "Chapter 330: Table Of Mukbang (2)"
weight: 330
---
<p data-uid="50fce653-f58b-41eb-8887-08e2cadcb8a5"><span>The lawyers from CK Entertainment who handled all of Jo Jae-Kyung's affairs were huddled in his office, racking their brains over the situation.</span></p><p data-uid="1e56fa67-70c2-42b5-8e18-f0209ccad1e2"><span>They couldn't hide their frustration, as no viable solutions emerged to resolve the matter.</span></p><p data-uid="8020a395-ec4c-414e-917d-93a8217c3624"><span>Jo Jae-Kyung refused to admit wrongdoing and was stubbornly unwilling to offer compensation.</span></p><p data-uid="ca168558-dc93-4a56-9b4b-f3e21a20bae2"><span>Eventually, Park Sang-Cheon, the head of CK Entertainment's legal team, took the lead and spoke up. "Mr. Jo! We can't resolve the issue like this. The overdue directing fees must be paid, and you need to settle the assault case with the talent agent. That's the simplest way!"</span></p><p data-uid="ca967878-6355-4e66-8784-768eeb87093a"><span>Jo Jae-Kyung smirked while digging his ear. "How much are those directing fees anyway? Just whip up some documents and cover it up! We can use the LA branch like last time."</span></p><p data-uid="2f0ad576-c1e9-443c-889f-5cbb554ac52b"><span>"If you do that, it will only escalate the situation."</span></p><p data-uid="21ae2f08-3fe2-4e5b-b64a-7a263ecddb25"><span>"Didn't we handle the company funds that went into the casino smoothly back then? You guys are getting paid to handle stuff like this, aren't you?"</span></p><p data-uid="4c03ab16-455a-4ac4-8cf6-a9b95248c183"><span>Park Sang-Cheon had broken into a cold sweat trying to cover up the previous incident where the CK Entertainment LA branch had recklessly filled in the financial gaps. After all, it was a clear case of the owner's family member committing an illegal act.</span></p><p data-uid="8e910c79-5157-450c-b3be-d20e6d8af0fa"><span>Of course, one of the CK Inc. lawyers' duties was to keep the owner's family's scandals from going public.</span></p><p data-uid="a1106f52-7157-486e-9873-51776161a3ca"><span>"That's why we fired everyone at the LA branch after that! We even had to...</span></p>