---
title: "Chapter 771: The Owner Of The Script (3)"
weight: 771
---
<p data-uid="cbb9e3b9-23e9-4f94-a6dd-3eb70db300da"><span>President Choi Sang-Byung stormed into the executive meeting room with Kim Gyuk-Shik, the head of the drama division, right on his heels.</span></p><p data-uid="a2c3df87-5a1a-469d-9739-820bef336a0a"><span>Seated at the head of the table, Choi Sang-Byung immediately began scolding Ga Ae-Joo. "Ae-Joo, how long has it been since you left the field for the broadcasting academy? You already lost your touch, huh? Do you really think of Chief Jung as just a lowly talent agent? Wow, that's the dumbest thing I've heard all week."</span></p><p data-uid="3acfca46-9206-471c-8655-8cc484cff771"><span>Choi Sang-Byung, who usually greeted her with a smile when they met, was now lashing out. Ga Ae-Joo was so stunned she couldn't collect herself.</span></p><p data-uid="16677970-392e-45a0-8809-1f16596c59d9"><span>"I'm sorry?"</span></p><p data-uid="22a4a298-7670-452e-a670-c6c7618ac4aa"><span>"This is why you should never leave the front lines. Hey, Ga Ae-Joo, do you even know how much money Chief Jung brings into our station these days? Huh?"</span></p><p data-uid="2d2673ec-727b-4751-aba4-83f5a5d26cdd"><span>"Brings in money? How could a mere talent agent do that?"</span></p><p data-uid="95eb5754-7d37-48c5-8443-a2cffc2900a9"><span>"See? That's exactly why you're spouting nonsense without a clue. Chief Jung brings in half the sponsorships for <em>Hwaranjeon</em> all by himself! He even does the producer's job on top of it. And you're calling him just a talent agent? Who the hell do you think you are, belittling Chief Jung like that?"</span></p><p data-uid="f34baf93-5e94-4387-8a36-a77aeeceb907"><span>Ga Ae-Joo blinked blankly for a moment, then bristled with indignation. "But still, we're MBS! Are you saying we should cater to a talent agent?"</span></p><p data-uid="faf566b3-7bf3-412f-900f-3e0cb47e360f"><span>"You still don't get it. Listen here, Ms. President Ga Ae-Joo of the Academy. What if the actors under Chief Jung's management decide to boycott MBS? Can you take responsibility for that? <em>Hwaranjeon</em> is pulling in a 33.9% viewership ratings. KBC's special drama <em>Queen Jeong-Hee</em> is considered well-made and So Yi-Yung is giving the performance of a lifetime, but it's stuck at 18%. And you know why? It's all thanks to Jung Yoo-Jin! Do you even realize how much I've been strutting in front of other...</span></p>