---
title: "Chapter 180: Beyond The Boundary Shooting Set (2)"
weight: 180
---
<p data-uid="106d4b6c-eab5-42ef-9d2b-2e3443ba45b8">The long take scene which began with an idea proposed by Baek Yoon-Sung proceeded unexpectedly.</p><p data-uid="6ff0e676-c645-4798-84a6-41c14b663a38">Lee Tae-Poong suddenly launched a front kick at Choi Yang-Seop who wasn't performing the action as rehearsed.</p><p data-uid="69f41628-b31a-46ca-b0bc-77f83b6399f6"><em>Thud!</em></p><p data-uid="d4e21faf-edf1-410f-91ef-5904f6ff517a">Not having anticipated retaliation from the more junior Lee Tae-Poong, Choi Yang-Seop was kicked back and fell.</p><p data-uid="fc55f843-3aa5-43ee-8e85-dae0ca53e8c7">『Damn it, you fucking bastard...』</p><p data-uid="ebd2073e-fa36-428a-890a-2a8ebb6e69cb">Fortunately, Choi Yang-Seop wasn't injured as the mountain slope was not steep. However, if it were a steep slope, Lee Tae-Poong's kick would have sent him rolling down.</p><p data-uid="49cb58f7-f0ff-436e-9964-de3c35bca8dd">At that moment, Lee Tae-Poong pounced on the flustered Choi Yang-Seop.</p><p data-uid="9ecfec60-3fdd-4155-967f-e200e0aaa27e"><em>Thud!</em></p><p data-uid="4ed77088-2a06-4aea-8c28-61d377ceb0a2">Sitting on Choi Yang-Seop's chest, Lee Tae-Poong began to speak in a growling voice,</p><p data-uid="0ae4d0a0-a02d-4937-952d-c6e8f97111ec">『Remember what I told you once, Kang Ill-Rok? That I would be the one to take your neck?』</p><p data-uid="4995204a-1720-45ba-a16d-16667352f195">Lee Tae-Poong's voice was powerful, leaving no traces of a person who once struggled to read the script due to dyslexia.</p><p data-uid="6a68797d-efce-4486-a333-f8cfac56173d">I felt a chill down my spine as I made a silent observation.</p><p data-uid="63c6069e-2e89-4362-b3f3-4f706967193e">'<em>Tae-Poong has indeed improved a lot.</em>'</p><p data-uid="effafd9d-3754-4bd2-b726-dac129e8b8ee">I finally understood why Pyo Eun-Mi was so proud of Lee Tae-Poong. Emotions were deeply etched in every single line that Lee Tae-Poong delivered.</p><p data-uid="078ccee6-93c2-4418-bd8d-9af67e454701">After finishing his lines, Lee Tae-Poong pulled out a prop dagger he had on his side. It was a special prop designed to retract the blade inward and release fake blood when stabbed into someone.</p><p data-uid="2c971236-9707-4632-b57f-1746966e7052">『I spare you because I am ordered to. But... don't even dream of coming back.』</p><p data-uid="ecae320c-08aa-4f98-a078-fe46b375df6a">Playing the role...</p>