---
title: "Chapter 391: Hwaranjeon Script Reading (2)"
weight: 391
---
<p data-uid="85a20d26-5c2f-4e1c-b05c-711ade006fb0"><span>After finishing her introductions, Min Gyu-Ri walked toward us.</span></p><p data-uid="3cac40bf-4989-4f2a-b66e-fa781e75e7bd"><span>Contrary to her polite demeanor, her true nature was the exact opposite.</span></p><p data-uid="4fcae0e0-2532-4546-bdf7-9f29deb4077b"><span>Fans would later call her by cute nicknames, but those who knew her true colors had nicknames for her that couldn't be spoken aloud.</span></p><p data-uid="077d98ac-cd9e-40db-9dee-52f472002c47"><span>She was one of those celebrities whose cute appearance contrasted sharply with her real personality.</span></p><p data-uid="81a2b166-50d8-4be4-bf36-d0554a604ed4"><span>Min Gyu-Ri bowed politely in front of us. "Hello, sunbae-nims. It's an honor to meet you all."</span></p><p data-uid="b2faa9bb-14f1-45e9-9f2f-70a63f054a0f"><span>Song Ji-Hwan nodded. "Nice to meet you. Let's do our best. I heard you did great at the audition, huh?"</span></p><p data-uid="76004e0e-ab46-4aca-a200-358c56f5d2a7"><span>"You're too kind, sunbae-nim."</span></p><p data-uid="6f05e2ef-efcf-4275-8cf9-ae0dde61b4f5"><span>"Not at all. Both PD Oh Bok-Hee and Miss Han said the same. They say a star rookie has arrived."</span></p><p data-uid="2b001783-2216-44d6-8041-fb745e1885e5"><span>Min Gyu-Ri gave Song Ji-Hwan a charming smile. "Oh my, you are flattering me too much. <em>Haha.</em>"</span></p><p data-uid="ab0bd43c-a60b-43a1-b63a-02f243e19438"><span>However, Song Ji-Hwan, who was completely devoted to his wife, saw Min Gyu-Ri only as an endearing kid rather than a woman.</span></p><p data-uid="1e741bec-1643-4445-afc4-b2e44ab09694"><span>"Why don't you both introduce yourselves? I have something to discuss with Ji-Yung," said Song Ji-Hwan before he left to greet Choi Ji-Yung who had just arrived.</span></p><p data-uid="ffa8db8c-a1fe-4b33-aa7c-dd64be571ce2"><span>Then, Min Gyu-Ri turned to Yoo-Jin with a bright smile and extended her hand. "Yoo-Jin sunbae-nim, I look forward to working with you."</span></p><p data-uid="36c7798f-8c07-4dfe-950f-b331830c0819"><span>Yoo-Jin returned the handshake with a smile. "Of course. Miss Han praised you, saying you brought your character to life beautifully. I'm looking forward to your performance as well."</span></p><p data-uid="ac1d6f57-6d20-4a21-8589-ac01bc574bbb"><span>At that, Min Gyu-Ri smiled with her eyes and her lips slightly curled up. "Really? I was just doing what I usually do but Miss Han...</span></p>