---
title: "Chapter 710: First-Year Talent Agent (2)"
weight: 710
---
<p data-uid="168c1848-3e89-4ad2-a641-05441d0c8c51"> <span>"Mr. Park, don't you see the camera over there?" I pointed toward the <em>Hwaranjeon </em>set nearby.</span></p><p data-uid="577746c2-a81a-44fd-8974-7f02012bc77b"><span>There were cameras positioned around the site for the making-of film, and one of them was aimed in this direction.</span></p><p data-uid="dfefa461-f99d-416b-a321-c208dff50c34"><span>In that instant, Park Bok-Han stopped his outburst. "Damn it..."</span></p><p data-uid="bc3cb392-096a-4a8c-972c-ca53b40d7e21"><span>"You do know that hitting Mr. Choi Dae-Gi just now is something we could report to the police, right?"</span></p><p data-uid="de3058b2-fb3f-475c-9adb-4aefd4c54e49"><span>Park Bok-Han ground his teeth as his eyes darted around. He looked like he was trying to figure out if he could get to the footage before I did. But once he remembered that I was close with PD Oh Bok-Hee of<em> Hwaranjeon</em>, he changed course and started yelling at Choi Dae-Gi instead.</span></p><p data-uid="3196827c-5f7c-4260-ba40-3a752c39facb"><span>"Hey, rookie. You gonna report me? Huh? Your sunbae?"</span></p><p data-uid="918f7219-1aeb-40ba-91d7-dc2576b653c9"><span>"No, Mr. Park."</span></p><p data-uid="2110c25b-c6d2-4302-ab2a-d3a8317b9342"><span>I had laid the groundwork, but Choi Dae-Gi couldn't bring himself to follow through.</span></p><p data-uid="cb890cb6-92aa-46c8-93c3-33ca9ec94fe9"><span>'<em>Well, that's normal for a first-year</em>.'</span></p><p data-uid="e3dbab16-a257-4572-bf94-1802aad94cfe"><span>Since my first move to help Choi Dae-Gi had failed, I immediately made my second. I stepped in closer to Park Bok-Han and spoke just loud enough for only him to hear.</span></p><p data-uid="bb217ab3-43e0-4d83-9668-e4468d067b03"><span>-I know you took money from Choi In-Soo at Ace Entertainment and introduced him to Gu Min-Ji from Pink Diamond one month ago.</span></p><p data-uid="c22bcc3c-46d0-41e7-bfec-7cfe9691221f"><span>Choi In-Soo, the leader of the boy group Endless, had been one of Park Bok-Han's celebrities during his Ace Entertainment days. Then one month ago after transferring to TK Entertainment, Park Bok-Han took quite a bit of money from Choi In-Soo to arrange a meeting with Gu Min-Ji.</span></p><p data-uid="5e845172-8fa9-4517-9004-baa75df03847"><span>If the higher-ups at TK found out about that, they would blow a fuse. After all, a talent...</span></p>