---
title: "Chapter 380: Gift"
weight: 380
---
<p data-uid="e2cf2bd1-bf02-49d6-8a0e-bbb1aacd562e"><span>I wondered if Choi Ji-Yung's dating life was something worth getting upset about, but Yoo-Jin's expression was too serious to interrupt.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="e71501e1-a60d-486a-b4dd-aa7b45a083d8"><span>When Yoo-Jin remarked what was wrong with a talent agent dating a celebrity, Choi Ji-Yung agreed enthusiastically. "Right? Exactly! With my age, why should I worry about such things? Really!"</span></p><p data-uid="f15ba0be-7844-40c8-89cd-4c5ff46ca1c4"><span>"Why should age matter, anyway? If we went outside together right now, everyone would still see you as the younger sister."</span></p><p data-uid="3f82a471-7057-4ef8-a433-98aad26d57d1"><span>Choi Ji-Yung's face lit up. "<em>Pfft.</em> Just hearing that makes me feel good. But the problem is, he still hasn't confessed. It's baffling how he's stuck in such outdated thinking in this day and age."</span></p><p data-uid="8cd55ef1-d25e-4cef-a356-2f5ab8c602ee"><span>"Seriously, Mr. Park is being way too stubborn."</span></p><p data-uid="3696208f-64cd-4d49-8bb9-452aa95b4a6f"><span>Then Choi Ji-Yung and Yoo-Jin suddenly turned their gazes toward me.</span></p><p data-uid="ec623857-7352-4e22-98a0-e4d26d50debb"><span>"Mr. Jung, what do you think? You're also a talent agent, so what are your thoughts on Woo-Min oppa?"</span></p><p data-uid="16c3e5e4-c432-4d5a-9a8b-a94c47d55419"><span>"Yeah, tell us. Do you think it's a problem for a talent agent to date a celebrity?"</span></p><p data-uid="fc480492-6808-469d-a9a7-4d33c1906453"><span>I didn't know why the conversation had turned to me, but guilt washed over me for some reason. After all, I was the one who brought up the topic.</span></p><p data-uid="cc8f0db2-9ee0-44e5-8f56-4270ae2943e3"><span>"Maybe Mr. Park is just being cautious. After all…if a celebrity's dating life is revealed, it could impact their popularity."</span></p><p data-uid="e2e5e31b-455a-41e9-b4ed-7915908d4490"><span>Choi Ji-Yung pouted and gave me a sideways glance. "Who doesn't know that? But if we keep worrying, when are we supposed to date? I might end up spending the rest of my life alone at this rate."</span></p><p data-uid="889031ec-da24-415d-960c-9921ea83545c"><span>I found myself at a loss for words. "Well, that's…"</span></p><p data-uid="cf9411ce-fa29-4ff9-9b63-9d70a88af3de"><span>"So why don't you lend me a hand,...</span></p>