---
title: "Chapter 348: Lee Hyung-Moon (2)"
weight: 348
---
<p data-uid="fe2e2600-0cba-4780-ab6a-00159ed4fedd"><span>Inside the Seven Star Hospital VIP Room, the enraged Lee Hyung-Moon swung his fist at me as he blamed me for everything.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="590847e4-5504-4953-ae57-1d443462290f"><span>However, his punch was so slow that I easily dodged it. Losing his balance, Lee Hyung-Moon stumbled and fell flat on the floor.</span></p><p data-uid="dff85e48-561a-49fc-a208-6d0603f1208a"><span>The police officers sent by Yang Hyung-Sik didn't miss their chance and pounced on him. One grabbed his arm, and the other wrapped his neck.</span></p><p data-uid="2d34b6f6-8d00-4662-8692-a081f8dd6ed0"><span>"Mr. Lee Hyung-Moon, you're under emergency arrest under the Special Act on the Punishment of Domestic Violence!"</span></p><p data-uid="9fef33dc-904b-43b8-be38-e6727d692e95"><span>At the same time, Kim Yong-Suk's face turned a dark shade of disbelief.</span></p><p data-uid="cef6aa12-725f-498a-8638-c94820660ee1"><span><em>Click!</em></span></p><p data-uid="d154f065-768f-4bce-a337-00edc77b88fd"><span>Handcuffs snapped onto Lee Hyung-Moon's wrists as he struggled and kicked. "Let go! Let me go! I'm here to take my wife and kid! Who are you to stop me?"</span></p><p data-uid="29265070-2c9d-420a-a988-399510d64c81"><span>"Stay still!"</span></p><p data-uid="1067d375-4bef-4422-b855-d2dcebb4c636"><span>Realizing he was getting nowhere, Lee Hyung-Moon turned to Kim Yong-Suk. "Hey, lawyer! Do something! You're my lawyer, aren't you?"</span></p><p data-uid="01741fa0-fbd7-4c0b-b026-f22743314b2a"><span>Kim Yong-Suk shook his head coldly with a grim expression. "I must've been crazy to take on a client like you and end up in this mess..."</span></p><p data-uid="e0c8f33d-d0c2-47c7-acd5-a56b55b17e13"><span>Simultaneously, Kim Yong-Suk pulled out his phone. "Yes, it's me. I'm dropping Lee Hyung-Moon's case. Release the prepared press statement and make sure everyone knows KY Law Firm is officially withdrawing from this case."</span></p><p data-uid="5573e065-ddfc-4b0f-b8d4-797b400e0341"><span>It seemed Kim Yong-Suk had been preparing his exit since I started the media offensive.</span></p><p data-uid="a714d53f-f9c2-4485-a932-b3b5d38f63a5"><span>"What? A-and you call yourself my lawyer?" Lee Hyung-Moon roared.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="9cffdce6-0535-45a5-84af-35d79d38f4b0"><span>However, Kim Yong-Suk simply...</span></p>