---
title: "Chapter 323: Counterattack (1)"
weight: 323
---
<p data-uid="372c8c8a-bb53-40aa-9bce-ba254acdb91d"><span>At the dead end crowded with cars in an alley located in Guro, a group of five high school students stared at me. At the same time, four men who arrived in a sedan blocked the exit.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="e5246342-848b-4980-8aa5-5a2d1d122e07"><span>The group of high school students seemed scared just by the sight of the burly men who had stepped out of the car. "What, what the hell? Are they real gangsters?"</span></p><p data-uid="5afff242-443f-4200-bfb1-a476e0449658"><span>With their short, square-cut hair, these hulking figures probably looked like actual gangsters to the local thugs.</span></p><p data-uid="b6fb71e7-47d9-4632-a8cf-565aeb6f4f05"><span>The students probably wanted to run away immediately, but there was no escape from being in a dead-end alley.</span></p><p data-uid="58c4028c-411e-4402-a052-3905e266b76a"><span>Thanks to that, I focused solely on the burly men who had come for me. "Someone wants to see me? Who sent you here?"</span></p><p data-uid="e16c5458-42d2-4f5a-b6bf-2d14e38b3ebc"><span>The man at the front of the group smirked and stepped forward. "You don't need to know that. Just come along if you don't want to get hurt."</span></p><p data-uid="c07d13a8-424d-46d7-b090-52c93e4c0aa7"><span>I took a closer look and recognized him: he was Lee Dong-Woong, a stuntman from DW Action School. He was a security studies graduate who would eventually become a well-regarded martial arts director in the film industry.</span></p><p data-uid="4f7b1a25-34f5-40bd-a1ff-8a90fa877d64"><span>The parent company of DW Action School was none other than CK Entertainment, Director Jo Jae-Kyung's maternal family's business.</span></p><p data-uid="d56dd18c-50e0-4a47-9e7f-66c6afade6e3"><span>I immediately knew who had sent them and taunted them. "Let's see if you can take me."</span></p><p data-uid="b893315c-aaba-4cab-a317-9b7c9a243e75"><span>There were no security cameras here. In other words, there would be no issues if I threw punches.</span></p><p data-uid="b72ca16a-02ca-44e8-85a8-a3b915fb2765"><span>When I answered with a smile, Lee Dong-Woong looked at me in disbelief. "You know, I was trying to be polite but now you're getting too comfortable with me here."</span></p><p data-uid="3d563b21-e06b-419e-bc00-ea19b8748cf2"><span>"Don't be ridiculous. Should I really be polite to kidnappers like you?"</span></p><p data-uid="2b556b4e-7cc5-4060-b9de-dd4944848b55"><span>Lee Dong-Woong scowled at the word "kidnapper,"...</span></p>