---
title: "Chapter 838: Beginning Of Change (3)"
weight: 838
---
<p data-uid="72cd9cb5-7791-445d-807d-61ea57cd66b7"><span><span>"Chief Yoon knows every shady thing about us. That's why we can't leave him."</span></span></p><p data-uid="8ca2bd51-c1f7-4116-8eba-91c0c07573f1"><span><span>The moment Bok Seon-Ill let out that confessional line, everyone's expression turned grim. When entertainers and talent agents—or singers and producers—worked closely for a long time, they naturally came to know each other's secrets.&nbsp;</span></span></p><p data-uid="f9311717-ead7-40dd-b3bd-9f1c1a61748e"><span><span>Bok Seon-Ill was now confessing that those secrets had turned into weaknesses.</span></span></p><p data-uid="ac0e9342-b135-45ef-bb41-dc00b26cf01a"><span><span>"If those secrets come out now... our careers as entertainers are over. So please, Chief Jung, cut us some slack this time."</span></span></p><p data-uid="0b5ee1ea-05ee-4549-a495-440c2b9c3738"><span><span>Bok Seon-Ill hadn't taken a hostile stance toward me because he disliked the solution I presented. He was afraid that unless he pressured me, Chief Yoon Dong-Gu might spill his secrets.</span></span></p><p data-uid="e0a999b2-2eae-4153-b174-1ca2d4ccd9ed"><span><span>Before the regression, I had no idea Yoon Dong-Gu was capable of this. I guess that old saying about not knowing what's in a person's heart was true for a reason. Still, it didn't change anything. After all, I already knew the secrets of Bok Seon-Ill and the other celebrities from Singer Division 4 here. And those secrets were all things I could take care of.</span></span></p><p data-uid="dceca7c6-ad75-42a4-8bff-9a83d1f2aebd"><span><span>I understood their shame and hesitance, so I decided to play dumb for now.</span></span></p><p data-uid="5f7d182a-dafe-4397-a59d-1404e2ab6ab2"><span><span>Starting with what Yoon Dong-Gu had done, I asked, "Did Chief Yoon threaten you before you came up here?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="fb9653cf-37f0-4dc5-b48f-289cb2ee958d"><span><span>"He said it was a request, but it was basically a threat. If we let go of his hand, he'd have no problem exposing our secrets."</span></span></p><p data-uid="f96b605a-5444-4f79-9cb0-0320db6b751a"><span><span>Just then, Jeon Tae-Mi, who had been watching nervously, spoke in a trembling voice. "Sunbae... do you think Chief Yoon would really expose our secrets?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="ba4794de-b07d-4152-8848-51c3b83a6b3f"><span><span>"What is that question? You came along to pressure Chief Jung because you were worried about that too, didn't you?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="c2d09c9b-4aa1-4988-adfc-d09dc429fe5f"><span><span>Jeon Tae-Mi...</span></span></p>