---
title: "Chapter 501: Rumor And Rumor (2)"
weight: 501
---
<p data-uid="e2e48e53-d152-431c-a60f-5f006b9ef5a6"><span>I whispered, "I know you've been habitually getting propofol injections. Would you be okay if this got exposed to the media?"</span></p><p data-uid="fe514b42-d18c-4a52-bda1-b9e984fca74e"><span>For a moment, the color drained from Lee Dong-Ju's face. Her face turned pale and she even stuttered. "Th-that's… h-how did you know?"</span></p><p data-uid="03662224-5dc7-408c-b3c8-d7c1b601a148"><span>"And you said you lost baby fat and became prettier? A natural beauty? I think the director of Elisha Plastic Surgery might be quite disappointed to hear that."</span></p><p data-uid="b3323045-1789-467c-8441-cc568563762b"><span>Having two of her secrets exposed, Lee Dong-Ju's mouth snapped shut.</span></p><p data-uid="d47d3e42-2504-4753-8991-d02495d6c210"><span>At that moment, Ahn Hee-Soo suddenly shouted in anger as she hadn't heard what I said to Lee Dong-Ju. "What are you doing to Dong-Ju unnie right now? If you're threatening her, I won't let this slide!"</span></p><p data-uid="3447d27f-ad41-4b88-a838-d172d25d902b"><span>I smirked and took a step forward. Then, just like I did with Lee Dong-Ju, I whispered her secret. "TK Entertainment's Park Joo-Myung, Ace Entertainment's Jung Han-Soo, and SJ Entertainment's Choi Tae-Jin. You're quite busy dating three boyfriends at the same time, aren't you?"</span></p><p data-uid="a99e93e4-25fa-4354-9cba-e4e0df7ee638"><span>Ahn Hee-Soo's face turned bright red. "Th-that's…"</span></p><p data-uid="b30a8bfb-1fa5-42ad-9bb3-c3208e5cbc5e"><span>"Not just two-timing, but three-timing? No, wait. If we count one-night stands, it's probably impossible to keep track. I wonder if your boyfriends know about this?"</span></p><p data-uid="e533a74c-3c93-4807-9706-f08e1abcbcc1"><span>Ahn Hee-Soo was left speechless.</span></p><p data-uid="c781a52e-d3e8-4d13-99b9-93a96547755a"><span>Looking at the two frozen in place, I gave them another warning. "You two better be careful about what you say from now on. If you dare to approach Eun-Ah again and spread nonsense, I won't hesitate to expose everything!"</span></p><p data-uid="368394ac-2c8b-484f-b1a5-01a7a8aeecee"><span>My warning must have worked because Lee...</span></p>