---
title: "Chapter 788: Film Production Begins (3)"
weight: 788
---
<p data-uid="14b4d31a-ec0a-4211-85c8-9cdc99cb14be"> <span>Copyright referred to the broad set of rights related to creative works.</span></p><p data-uid="9552fa83-bdab-45a1-b9e0-1ba2fef35755"><span>This concept included two main categories: moral rights and economic rights. Moral rights allowed the creator to be identified as the author of the work and could not be transferred or leased. Economic rights, on the other hand, were like stocks—they could be bought and sold.</span></p><p data-uid="9038561d-90e7-4700-b4cd-2efaf4a9fcc1"><span>So if someone bought the full set of economic rights, they could claim all future profits from a work currently registered under Choi Tae-Yong's name, such as 'Dreams Come True.' Since this included rights to future profits, the price naturally increased. However, it was a worthwhile investment considering the song was projected to earn 3 billion won annually.</span></p><p data-uid="1cf23c2d-9f4a-4f53-8727-53ad2a462f6a"><span>That resolved the issue of ensuring the original creator received fair profit sharing, but there was still one more task left. It was to free the original composers, Yoon Sae-Yeon and Han Hye-Jung, from Choi Tae-Yong's exploitative grip.</span></p><p data-uid="41a7311a-fd9d-43d9-86e4-a55e15c1cae1"><span>"Ms. Sae-Yeon. Thank you for speaking up. So, may I ask—are you planning to stay here going forward?" I asked.</span></p><p data-uid="80d41566-446c-45b6-9d81-4b21a842b0b4"><span>Aspiring composers typically worked under well-known professionals to debut, but these two already had the skills to debut as shown with 'Say It Again' by Pink Diamond.</span></p><p data-uid="b59bfbf9-6f0f-415c-a474-d347452cb6d8"><span>Yoon Sae-Yeon shook her head. "No. But even if we leave, it's not like we can afford our own studio. We'll probably take part-time jobs for now and start composing together when we've saved up a bit."</span></p><p data-uid="d07ef0ca-74f2-4213-aa3c-48e4416e685f"><span>"Then how about working with Seon-Woo from our company?"</span></p><p data-uid="adeb8d6e-e58e-4953-b429-5525626df7bb"><span>The two had proven themselves capable of composing both major hits like 'Dreams Come True' and idol sub-title tracks. Collaborating with Bang Seon-Woo,...</span></p>