---
title: "Chapter 752: Writer Wang Mi-In (1)"
weight: 752
---
<p data-uid="a1d60e09-c2fc-474a-9df1-1fca394e0722"><span>Wang Mi-In, now twenty-two-years-old and a graduate of the MBS Broadcasting Academy, originally aspired to be a drama writer.</span></p><p data-uid="e6b14663-b56e-4fbc-bd95-d5dc0bbb98e2"><span>But after repeatedly failing to place in drama script competitions, she gave up on that dream. She eventually couldn't bear the life of surviving on one pack of ramen a day and started working as a junior writer for variety shows at the network.</span></p><p data-uid="2e845b6b-b5d5-42fd-933b-d5203f2107bf"><span>Five years later, Wang Mi-In would hit it big with <em>Where Are Mom and Dad?</em>, a reality show about stars and their children's daily lives. With her signature mix of human warmth and variety flair, she would reach the level of head writer—a milestone most writers take ten years to reach.</span></p><p data-uid="a071a99e-9267-43c8-98db-6a384158c58b"><span>However, Wang Mi-In's success didn't stop at variety shows. Still yearning to write dramas, she continued working on scripts in her spare time. She eventually broke out with <em>Woo-Ri Doo-Ri Brothers</em>; a story about first love between twin teenage soccer players, and <em>Fired-Up High School Vagabonds</em>; a fast-paced story about runaway teens. Despite using rookie leads and casting idols only in minor roles, both series exceeded 20% viewership ratings.</span></p><p data-uid="65087980-61de-4bb4-a1ac-35143549ed6d"><span>Everyone had said it was impossible, but she pulled it off, thanks to her sharp eye for character-building developed during her years as a variety writer.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="21abb0cd-8248-4cbf-b9ba-b9636587a5c9"><span>For this reason,&nbsp; idol agencies began referring to her with reverence as best writer. She gave singing-only idols the title of actor idols and skyrocketed their market value in the process.</span></p><p data-uid="6aadf13e-4857-42fc-a39c-fa6406379ba3"><span>And now, here she was right in front of me. She appeared...</span></p>