---
title: "Chapter 641: Graduation"
weight: 641
---
<p data-uid="41894b10-76ca-469c-b13a-1e13b362a4ea"><span>There was a murmur.</span></p><p data-uid="d2053b86-9bea-4720-9f69-b050fdccc472"><span>Hundreds of filmmakers gathered at the Asia Cinema Conference began to stir. They all held up their phones, glancing at our table with startled expressions.</span></p><p data-uid="bb2cf541-56f4-4e13-acc2-c432fe8e6692"><span>At that moment, Richard Kane looked flustered and glared at Shin Jong-Ki. "What… What did you just do? You—!"</span></p><p data-uid="5aa8e8c1-7a46-4f1a-b1ce-c31b1522970f"><span>"If you're curious, why don't you check your phone? By now, you should've received the same message they did."</span></p><p data-uid="51d2cd5b-a9fd-476d-b0d1-edee24e214b3"><span>Richard Kane hurriedly pulled his phone from his pocket. Just as I tried to check the news on my phone as well, Lee Eun-Joo gestured for me to check my Kk Talk. When I did as she instructed, I saw that Lee Eun-Joo had sent me a link to a foreign news article.</span></p><p data-uid="e49997b5-ff18-4845-ac90-908eb443edba"><span>Only then did I understand why the scene had descended into such chaos.</span></p><p data-uid="a8030353-4ae6-42c9-bc3c-4d202957bd75"><span>[(Breaking News) CNM News. Richard Kane, Vice President of 21st Century Wolf. The true face of the mogul once called the Next Big Boss!]</span></p><p data-uid="4f8cd857-fefd-4a66-939f-d6ca6f490bd1"><span>[(Breaking News) FOXX News. Richard Kane, executive at 21st Century Wolf, caught behaving disgracefully at an event in Korea!]</span></p><p data-uid="96846aa2-d241-4712-9f4b-7a14f974e4a1"><span>[(Breaking News) NBD News. 21st Century Wolf. Cozy ties with China's Hwayeon Media Inc.? "What are they plotting in Korea?"]</span></p><p data-uid="9347c051-6965-4bdb-bcf7-cd681a9c1efc"><span>[(Breaking News) LA.TIME. Are the cartels of major film studios collapsing? 21st Century Wolf colluding with China's Hwayeon Media Inc.?]</span></p><p data-uid="d12d44c5-d9fd-49c0-9d1f-dd4737283a42"><span>Shin Jong-Ki had used foreign media to make sure Richard Kane's name was explicitly mentioned. Then he had those articles simultaneously distributed via messenger or text to everyone attending the Asia Cinema Conference today.</span></p><p data-uid="3ba946df-c413-4edb-aa0c-d36aec3f7381"><span>"You… you stooped to something like this. You really want to go all the way with me?"</span></p><p data-uid="96fdb352-4cdf-4e9b-b3f6-dc5c88f24afb"><span>As Richard Kane trembled with rage and spoke, Shin Jong-Ki nodded calmly. "I actually hadn't planned to go this far. But since you decided to team up with...</span></p>