---
title: "Chapter 775: Finding The Director (2)"
weight: 775
---
<p data-uid="601954b1-aab2-4f54-8dcf-eb55a983d49b"><span>To scout Yeo Ik-Hwan, I headed to Suhyaejong's Jongno campus with Choi Eun-Seok, the chief of Actor Division 1 and an old classmate of Yeo Ik-Hwan. It was because Yeo Ik-Hwan was giving a special Saturday lecture at the school this afternoon.</span></p><p data-uid="6472acfe-307a-4adb-81d8-7ce760c416d1"><span>After a long drive, we arrived at the front gate of Suhyaejong—formally known as the Seoul National University of the Arts. The majestic buildings blended old and new in perfect harmony. Maybe it was because this was my first time visiting since the regression, but my heart felt oddly stirred.</span></p><p data-uid="fb29f56c-5ec9-4f55-b2ad-3ba5c3b4b4a0"><span>"It really has a sense of grandeur, probably because of its long history."</span></p><p data-uid="4385a61f-889b-4572-91c1-ad88dae40aad"><span>Founded in 1919 as the Gyeongseong Arts Academy and later renamed after liberation, Suhyaejong had become Korea's top comprehensive arts university. Because of that, its influence in Korea's entertainment and arts scene was immense. While some of it had turned into a tightly bound cartel, their contributions to the development of the Korean cultural industry couldn't be denied.</span></p><p data-uid="6ce0f739-6fbb-4620-a37e-3990902e3023"><span>"Well yeah, it's been over a hundred years. Plus, they're backed by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism. The support is solid."</span></p><p data-uid="9b5f958a-190c-4f54-bb30-525dd655fb1c"><span>Admiring the birthplace of Korean culture, we made our way toward the elegant lecture building. Just as we passed the bust of King Lear at the entrance, I couldn't help but let out a small gasp of admiration.</span></p><p data-uid="ac1ba255-cf0b-4e8c-9337-51a62aea8863"><span>That's when Choi Eun-Seok gave me a quiet warning. "Still… Chief Jung. Just a heads-up. The people in Suhyaejong's film department? They really don't like you."</span></p><p data-uid="623e1b30-3476-4e97-adc8-dfe844c758a6"><span>After all, I was the one who had brought down Gong Hak-Beom, the school's most revered director. But I reassured Choi Eun-Seok. Unlike before, Suhyaejong...</span></p>