---
title: "Chapter 454: Jung Coffee (1)"
weight: 454
---
<p data-uid="f6460858-efa1-4a97-8cf5-c05ea4c013fd"><span>At the center of the president's office of Hoop Entertainment sat Kang Gam-Chan with Jin Sung-Joon and Yeo Jin-Soo on the left and Lee Tae-Poong on the right.</span></p><p data-uid="c911e1a0-235e-4f84-88fc-5f33cf93dc7c"><span>Before any greetings could be exchanged, Jin Sung-Joon made a shocking proposal. "Mr. Jung, would you consider selling me the recipe for Jung Coffee for five hundred million won?"</span></p><p data-uid="14041969-ac80-47fd-bed6-4561b2e8a713"><span>The monetary prospects I imagined from Fortune of the Day involved Lee Tae-Poong's year-end awards, securing the Jinseong Foods advertisement, and earning a substantial bonus as a reward.</span></p><p data-uid="87b047c6-f32d-4459-85d3-bb74ba19fdcd"><span>However, Jin Sung-Joon's unexpected proposal of offering five hundred million won for Jung Coffee's recipe was something entirely unforeseen. Moreover, he was proposing to use the recipe to produce an RTD (Ready-to-Drink) coffee.</span></p><p data-uid="f9feb9f4-be58-44c5-a2c2-572ca6fc44c0"><span>Jin Sung-Joon added, "Mr. Kang gave me Jung Coffee to try, and honestly, I think it surpasses any blend I've created. I want to turn it into a product, so please sell me the recipe."</span></p><p data-uid="f1620233-c5dd-455f-8c39-3c236cf9d343"><span>Even before the regression, several people had suggested starting a business with Jung Coffee. But Jung Coffee had been a weapon to strengthen relationships with producers and writers. For those reasons, all the proposals were declined back then.</span></p><p data-uid="a032ed9f-b30b-4975-808b-7ed92d0c92e1"><span>And even now, the answer was the same. For that amount of money, having a personal "weapon" like Jung Coffee was far more valuable.</span></p><p data-uid="c7f276de-7ee9-41f0-819a-a5826100df9e"><span>I replied, "I'm sorry, but I've never thought of making money by selling coffee I brew for my acquaintances...</span></p>