---
title: "Chapter 624: The Series Advertisement (1)"
weight: 624
---
<p data-uid="4eff873e-c4eb-49aa-b0be-dab01fddf70d"><span>Before the regression, Min Gyu-Ri was a habitual liar.</span></p><p data-uid="0233d2fb-cfb2-43d0-9db3-62c655a0aff0"><span>She swore up and down she had never had a sponsor, yet she was being sponsored by three people at the same time. She claimed she had broken up with her boyfriend, but they were still living together. Even while cohabiting, two-timing was a given.</span></p><p data-uid="e7536f06-4e1f-4ba7-affc-2782b9241f3b"><span>Whenever one of her sponsors or her boyfriend found out and threatened to go to the press, I would be the one to wear myself out trying to buy their silence. Just thinking about it still made my hands and feet tremble.</span></p><p data-uid="0b6e8a30-8ded-4be0-a194-94b6c6b8598b"><span>Anyway, that was the reason I didn't believe a word that came out of Min Gyu-Ri's mouth. She felt no guilt when lying for her own gain. Naturally, I stopped caring about anything she had to say.</span></p><p data-uid="f939f19f-8d2b-4ea6-9367-da0c24f65730"><span>That's when Min Gyu-Ri noticed how indifferent I was and spoke again.</span></p><p data-uid="7e888191-e1b5-42d3-86d0-c5e3de3512a8"><span>"Our president is cooking something up. If you don't hear me out, you're going to be in big trouble."</span></p><p data-uid="744b6259-f891-4a3a-96fa-aa399020ac8a"><span>Since I was the one who exposed the cloned phone scandal at TNT Entertainment, there was no doubt President Yoo Kang-Seok had it in for me. Yet judging by Min Gyu-Ri's confident tone, she seemed to know something concrete.</span></p><p data-uid="39535510-c5bb-43e7-b3b8-117391e17a72"><span>I would have brushed her off without a second thought before, but this time, I figured I might be able to extract information from her. The Min Gyu-Ri in front of me wasn't the sly nine-tailed-fox she used to be. She was more like a baby fox with just one tail sprouting.</span></p><p data-uid="946989d0-37ad-4ef7-a293-292542a44431"><span>I shrugged. "Go on, let's hear it."</span></p><p data-uid="8402ea8a-be37-4cea-98a1-a9b7583fb7cf"><span>"But I have one condition."</span></p><p data-uid="38b9ce4f-9c43-41f4-9912-14f1217f4d47"><span>'<em>What a cheap trick.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="3c2f1be6-4a0f-4d1d-ab90-342722fef6ad"><span>"If you don't want to talk, don't bother."</span></p><p data-uid="99723e84-59e2-4630-89f9-3c7cfd374cf7"><span>As I turned away to show I didn't care, Min Gyu-Ri rushed...</span></p>