---
title: "Chapter 439: Miso (1)"
weight: 439
---
<p data-uid="22c6345a-4890-453a-9b45-81f2b6528275"><span>Upon realizing that Lee Tae-Yeon and her husband had been involved in internal dealings, Son Hyung-Tae ultimately acquired the film adaptation rights for 300 million won.</span></p><p data-uid="4dc8d9ad-5f15-4fcf-b709-e49de32a44b9"><span>Lee Tae-Yeon nodded. "I understand. 300 million won it is. I'll inform my husband accordingly and tell him to enter into a contract with CK Entertainment."</span></p><p data-uid="e27a3e69-bdc5-49fd-9016-5cc806e33c1c"><span>-<em>Hahaha.</em> Understood. And please don't hold onto what just happened. Such things happen at work, right?</span></p><p data-uid="c2cbc5a1-8842-4b3e-9a90-ae6fe5096a0b"><span>Having felt the full force of Son Hyung-Tae's power, Lee Tae-Yeon remained silent. Then, she added, "Well, I'll be off now. I have to go for my daughter's shoot."</span></p><p data-uid="82e0d263-9103-4a3c-83e6-b69de682bf8a"><span>-And your daughter's name is Yi-Ji, right? Please let her know that I have high hopes for her acting in the future.</span></p><p data-uid="015f686c-2a45-4e21-9aa8-360cc13decd8"><span>"...I will." Lee Tae-Yeon answered reluctantly and stared daggers at me. Her eyes reflected her resentment for my interference with her plans.</span></p><p data-uid="aa6ba84b-2686-4cb4-a118-c23ef7e5a90a"><span>Nonetheless, I calmly met her gaze. "Aren't you leaving?"</span></p><p data-uid="0d3d586f-6dd8-4958-b6e7-f7151d25b09f"><span>"I'm going!" Lee Tae-Yeon shouted before turning to leave.</span></p><p data-uid="438cc82e-e38b-4087-af4b-a060031bcb9b"><span>Once she was gone, Ahn Jung-Hae, who had been holding his breath, shouted into the speakerphone. "This is Director Ahn Jung-Hae! Mr. Son, thank you so much! I'll do my best!"</span></p><p data-uid="11bac841-2a07-4883-9a51-eaf7acd73015"><span>-You'd better. I went through a lot to obtain the rights clashing with Ms. Tae-Yeon. If the outcome is a mess, it'll be embarrassing for me, won't it?</span></p><p data-uid="078db25e-f547-44aa-aa5b-c088faf1f5fd"><span>"D-don't worry about that. I won't disappoint you."</span></p><p data-uid="eb952f62-ffec-4f57-b395-7f49cbcd4911"><span>-I'm not worried. With Team Lead Jung's guarantee, why would I worry?</span></p><p data-uid="6f5d9160-0a5e-413d-a40b-a1b11fa731ce"><span>Knowing that Son Hyung-Tae had...</span></p>