---
title: "Chapter 44: Blooming Days For Cherry Blossom (2)"
weight: 44
---
<p data-uid="5b249b8d-5b6c-40df-a4fa-584296fa410a">The singers who arrived late were all in a fluster in the temporary waiting room at Yongpyong H Resort. They didn’t even know where their waiting rooms were because they were in a hurry due to the delay caused by the heavy snowfall and were unfamiliar with the location.</p><p data-uid="88e38e5e-f2e0-4a84-b038-8f884a2dede8">However, being the first to arrive, we had already figured out the layout and were proceeding comfortably with our rehearsal. As Cherry Blossom took the stage, Han Myung-Ho and I surveyed the audience area.</p><p data-uid="64bbfe75-fcdc-43ea-a5b6-9d93322acd71">"Less than half are filled."</p><p data-uid="92cc780b-5afb-4dff-9e59-8e03fd374d4e">Perhaps due to the snowstorm, only about 20% of the outdoor seats were occupied. But there was a bigger issue than the lack of audience.</p><p data-uid="5b376733-8585-46d5-8ce5-4be90494b7c1">"Mr. Han, the stage is quite slippery because of the snow. What if the girls fall?"</p><p data-uid="ca59a38e-087c-4007-b771-6431e9dd9986">Without any surrounding snow barriers, the stage was accumulating snow. The staff were clearing the snow intermittently but the melted snow continuously left puddles all over the stage. Falling on the hard acrylic surface could result in, at the very least bruises, and worst, fractures.</p><p data-uid="9e7be5cf-333a-49ce-8159-eaa677c6f464">"What should we do?"</p><p data-uid="6106b6ce-4996-4038-b12e-a4a13d7743a8">Fortunately, I was prepared for this.</p><p data-uid="719945f1-8fbb-42cf-aa7b-5427b09b467e">"I brought sneakers just in case. They should be much safer than heels. Can the girls wear them instead?"</p><p data-uid="f6d0aef3-1d0e-4f51-b4df-6448f996dfa8">After some consideration, Han Myung-Ho decided to prioritize the girls’ safety.</p><p data-uid="18994a18-de1b-4838-b20a-8d7384e7d19f">"They might look odd without...</p>