---
title: "Chapter 96: Time To Make A Decision (2)"
weight: 96
---
<p data-uid="395206e4-b223-4a2f-9099-600d439a087a">A whirlwind of thoughts swept through my mind as I shook hands with Ju Yung-In. I thought that we wouldn't have to deal with each other anymore since she had changed companies. However, upon seeing Ju Yung-In’s attitude today, it seemed like I was mistaken.</p><p data-uid="d91ef94c-b809-40a5-89b9-3215e0ba3679">"...Indeed, you have a keen eye for choosing good dramas, Mr. Jung."</p><p data-uid="04554192-19f3-42db-a1b1-1b288605fb21">There was a hint of regret in her tone. It seemed like she had regretted changing companies too quickly.</p><p data-uid="9314e147-8d63-48a2-baa8-62f6ce4c7782">"I should have waited a bit longer before changing companies. It was my mistake, but it won't happen again in the future."</p><p data-uid="3e92d9bd-58c8-435d-b543-6615f59c22fe">"In the future?"</p><p data-uid="487b3943-f7ec-4d02-9295-438af59596d1">Ju Yung-In giggled and then closed her mouth.</p><p data-uid="2c5d79eb-3d2a-4259-a0a4-a709dbde69ea">In the meantime, Lee Chan-Dong from Ace Entertainment finished greeting the staff and approached us. "We meet again, Mr. Jung."</p><p data-uid="6e6721ff-5be9-4eb9-964a-eb2730d9f9c9">"It seems like you will be in charge of Miss Yung-In now, Mr. Lee."</p><p data-uid="914655f2-bc14-4c3f-a565-0f3a7727b8b3">"Yes, that's the case. Also, Mr. Im Sung-Hak from our company wishes to meet you. Could you spare some time?"</p><p data-uid="a16d3bd8-901e-4a9f-af17-aef04efbb270"><em>‘The president of Ace Entertainment and industry leader wants to meet me, a mere assistant manager?’</em></p><p data-uid="d01e6991-8b34-4bc7-bd55-05b902460918">There was only one reason I could think of for him wanting to meet me.</p><p data-uid="10dea229-f291-44ef-bb41-0a9dd4d74697">"Are you planning to make an offer to recruit me?"</p><p data-uid="cd9f4134-58f8-4385-8cc3-d31d393ef11b">Lee Chan-Dong replied confidently, "Please meet with us first. We have a good offer for you."</p><p data-uid="8f502d6f-80a1-4c05-9da0-cf3b3d160aba"><em>'What the heck are they thinking?'</em></p><p data-uid="25ebb98e-66fe-4024-9ede-316c9c8eb99d">I had never met Im Sung-Hak before, even in my previous life. But I recalled that everyone who had met him spoke highly of him. Though I had no intention of leaving Hoop...</p>