---
title: "Chapter 328: Damage (3)"
weight: 328
---
<p data-uid="e3acdb9c-a902-4a9b-8c61-18b53e1dcb10"><span>Upon hearing the news that Park Sang-Gon's Aide Yoo Sang-Gi had attempted suicide, Choi Eun-Tae slammed the table in frustration. "What the hell is wrong with that detention center? How do they keep screwing up like this?"</span></p><p data-uid="4792c10c-0b07-4dbb-8039-75a80681339e"><span>Already furious that his son Kang Eun-Gi had nearly been stabbed in the detention center, Choi Eun-Tae couldn't contain his anger upon learning that Park Sang-Gon's aide had attempted suicide.</span></p><p data-uid="b253de43-1f50-4f36-a4b1-35b91f6c50f2"><span>Calming himself down, he asked, "So how is that bastard doing?"</span></p><p data-uid="dae6f116-20ce-4ea9-9e79-a536c73de195"><span>"Fortunately, they found him quickly so he didn't die. But he's in a coma," Choi Yung-Ho replied.</span></p><p data-uid="97a9a443-258b-45e9-8c14-d4d75aa22b81"><span>Choi Eun-Tae let out a short sigh. "</span><em><span>Sigh. </span></em><span>What about a suicide note?"</span></p><p data-uid="def146a2-3b51-465a-a21d-6e05237772b5"><span>"There was one."</span></p><p data-uid="c24d281c-b14e-4d31-9096-3c32cd600177"><span>"What did it say?"</span></p><p data-uid="933eddd1-2485-4062-b715-75c4a33874eb"><span>"From what I gathered... it basically claimed he was responsible for everything and expressed apologies to Assemblyman Park and his family."</span></p><p data-uid="4d821b20-2f31-4845-b8dd-396d1816de4b"><span>Choi Eun-Tae let out a bitter laugh. "</span><em><span>Ha. </span></em><span>I thought I'd seen all the dirty things this world had to offer and that nothing could surprise me anymore, but this world is still beyond my comprehension."</span></p><p data-uid="9e54d766-a452-4c25-9af7-36ab6d8a52e4"><span>His expression showed his disgust with the dirty deeds of politicians.</span></p><p data-uid="890c895b-4495-469d-83dc-0f43de78c04c"><span>He continued to ask, "Is there any way to find evidence linking Assemblyman Park to this so-called suicide?"</span></p><p data-uid="840eec3f-aeeb-4539-8323-025aa6494df2"><span>"Yoo Sang-Gi has been Park Sang-Gon's closest aide for 20 years. I'm sure he's covered his tracks well."</span></p><p data-uid="b1e261cd-60ae-4553-a7c2-3ee3e43133e5"><span>Choi Eun-Tae frowned and tapped the table absentmindedly as if trying to think of a solution. After letting out a deep sigh, he finally looked at me with an apologetic expression. "Team Lead Jung, it seems... this might take a bit longer than expected."</span></p><p data-uid="f46772af-2f4e-4628-b56b-f3677c483bf1"><span>Kang Gam-Chan standing beside him patted me on the shoulder and forced a smile. "Let's not be too disheartened. The opportunity will...</span></p>