---
title: "Chapter 548: Park Sang-Gyu (2)"
weight: 548
---
<p data-uid="b1f9ab32-8fef-4067-aea5-345e93bb2585"><span>Go Dong-Hyuk used to be the director of Once-in-a-Lifetime, the theater troupe Park Sang-Gyu was a part of.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="66da8833-4906-4114-b3e5-1490f8648199"><span>Now that the troupe had collapsed, he worked as an agent. But 'agent' was far too generous a word, as he was a predatory broker who helped actors sign with entertainment companies and took 50% of their signing bonus.</span></p><p data-uid="a6f09464-4bcd-4a69-a921-b2b7e8bb34af"><span>His targets were usually skilled actors in Daehak-ro who were barely scraping by. Even when they knew it was an unfair deal, they often signed out of desperation because they were struggling to pay rent and running out of instant noodles.</span></p><p data-uid="edfdb0a3-3056-4841-a6ab-efc3d0798165"><span>A graduate of the Seoul National University of the Arts, Go Dong-Hyuk had strong connections with broadcasters and entertainment companies. And now, he had set his sights on Park Sang-Gyu, the very person I was trying to scout.</span></p><p data-uid="0002fcb2-3698-44c3-a5f1-ab60575c5565"><span>To stop him, I exposed who he really was.</span></p><p data-uid="74cdc7d6-b626-4260-bfa5-03aea7056c90"><span>Infuriated, Go Dong-Hyuk shot to his feet and yelled, "Who the hell are you? Who do you think you are, calling me a scammer, you punk?!"</span></p><p data-uid="9f8efb5e-0509-4087-833c-5861ad06d749"><span>He looked like he might actually throw a punch, but then he paused, recognizing me.</span></p><p data-uid="f5a4e959-f533-4ec4-9a51-de30cbfcb4da"><span>"Wait a second... Aren't you Chief Jung from Hoop Entertainment?"</span></p><p data-uid="077479e0-bf87-45b7-b9e2-47aa687766d4"><span>I didn't respond to him. Instead, I walked straight toward Park Sang-Gyu. Startled and wary, Park Sang-Gyu looked confused by my sudden appearance and my accusation of fraud.</span></p><p data-uid="1873c295-23a3-49cf-b4b7-5ec5e5eec0b0"><span>The moment I saw Park Sang-Gyu up close, my heart sank again. His once-clean-cut hair now reached his shoulders, his eyes were sunken, and his face had thinned to the point that his cheekbones jutted out sharply.</span></p><p data-uid="c60ef421-6a02-4bca-af91-2f1b3eca991b"><span>He had tried to take his wife on a honeymoon...</span></p>