---
title: "Chapter 689: Special Pardon"
weight: 689
---
<p data-uid="79397eb9-e82e-403d-ac59-70b47ffe7f66"><span>Kang Eun-Gi asked if I had pulled strings to get him surprisingly selected for the Independence Movement Day special pardon.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="a9e65b1e-983b-4bc1-936a-f4bac105700b"><span>I suddenly remembered that a few days ago, Chairman Choi Eun-Tae had said he could get Kang Eun-Gi pardoned. But wanting to mend his relationship with his son, he wouldn't have gone through with something I advised against. That left only President Choi Man-Sik or Assemblyman Park Sang-Gon as possibilities.</span></p><p data-uid="95a0cbf3-8aef-4052-b58c-bd8080d92eee"><span>I shook my head. "I didn't pull any strings."</span></p><p data-uid="b26f3bb0-10bb-4838-8d8c-4b3522a68d29"><span>"Then…"</span></p><p data-uid="8897678d-e282-4380-b8cc-df60d5dd9206"><span>At that moment, Lee Yeon-Sil and my mother, who had overheard the pardon news, began to cry.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="a4b388fe-3427-462a-a871-48744af64f80"><span>"O-oppa… is it true? Oppa… you're coming out?"</span></p><p data-uid="6233c69d-46a9-4d59-a57f-a2163501e0ee"><span>Even though Lee Yeon-Sil was about to give birth, she had always acted calm, saying she could give birth alone. But now that Kang Eun-Gi was actually coming out, her true feelings showed.</span></p><p data-uid="1eedc542-46b2-4678-ae60-d94bea3332ea"><span>My mother also closed her eyes tightly and made the sign of the cross. She was a Catholic nun but avoided making the sign in front of us so as not to influence us toward a religion we didn't want. However, even she couldn't hold back her rising emotions.</span></p><p data-uid="cf4d97b7-af56-42ed-a2e2-80a01b15a08d"><span>Then Kang Eun-Gi spoke in a calm voice. "Yeon-Sil, there's something I really want to talk about with Yoon-Ho. Could you take Mom outside?"</span></p><p data-uid="3da9859e-30c6-4506-ae8c-2cd7a3c2fe80"><span>Lee Yeon-Sil shook her head. "Why? Oppa, there's so much to do once you're out."</span></p><p data-uid="e4da9bc2-48c7-4bad-b8b7-b4e6abf11126"><span>My mother sided with Lee Yeon-Sil. "That's right, Eun-Gi. Yeon-Sil has been living in Gwangju all this time, so we need to get the Seoul house ready again, and the hospital…"</span></p><p data-uid="55051079-8f7b-427d-a0fb-ac2fbf055c6d"><span>Kang Eun-Gi shook his head. "We can talk about the details later, but please give me some time to...</span></p>