---
title: "Chapter 849: First Filming Of Haze (3)"
weight: 849
---
<p data-uid="d9d51b4f-01cc-41be-b204-b56c961c40e9"><span><span>Unable to calm down, PD Oh Sang-Do kept shouting into the intercom.</span></span></p><p data-uid="f4d71eb9-a997-4a03-960a-d8823fec270f"><span><span>"Hey! We've got twenty kids from the traditional folk song choir! But only one teacher showed up? We were promised three! What? Only one made it because the others got food poisoning? Then who's supposed to manage all those kids? Me? Are you insane?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="8cafab0b-0fd1-465a-afa5-84394bd4d436"><span><span>The reason Namhae County had allowed filming at Jodo, Hodo, and other locations was because KBC promised to restore everything to its original state after production, and the crew had made another commitment.</span></span></p><p data-uid="75458e1f-0e48-48d4-9106-8c655d3ca381"><span><span>They had promised to feature the Namhae traditional folk song children's choir in the show </span><em><span>Haze</span></em><span>, helping them gain nationwide recognition. To film that scene, the crew had revised the script, planning to portray the children as kids who had played with Illyeong on Yeonmu Island a hundred years ago.</span></span></p><p data-uid="e1ca3621-b622-4235-af75-87100d064446"><span><span>But this morning, two of the three teachers meant to chaperone the choir had been hospitalized with food poisoning before boarding the ferry.</span></span></p><p data-uid="a8ccc420-be73-41f5-9ec3-810a06fc91c3"><span><span>"Hold on! Who's the one left? You're telling me it's just that assistant who met the kids two weeks ago? Not Ms. Choi or Mr. Kang?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="5826672b-7ff4-40ad-b1dc-bf3babd88c4e"><span><span>It was one problem after another.</span></span></p><p data-uid="c4f9e952-5024-4edb-8a2a-d4e48e14472d"><span><span>Of all people, the one who remained wasn't Choi Yi-Joo, the fierce head of the choir, nor the deputy director Kang Sung-Yeol, but a twenty-three-year-old assistant who had joined the team just a month ago.</span></span></p><p data-uid="c6c3cf48-6fe3-41d9-b8a9-4573c1862d60"><span><span>The choir was made up of about twenty kids, ages six to twelve. Without their strict chaperones, the kids were bound to run wild on the island like untamed colts.</span></span></p><p data-uid="b5eadc3f-9fc2-4da5-b10e-adc5ca50809b"><span><span>At that moment, I instantly knew the schedule entry in my planner meant that something was going to go wrong with the kids today. Someone would get hurt, or they would cause a problem. After all, there was nothing more...</span></span></p>