---
title: "Chapter 381: Way Back Home (1)"
weight: 381
---
<p data-uid="22d754eb-18e1-41a9-b1ff-b1e98196ebd0"><span>Choi Man-Sik's intention to distribute our company's shares to the employees was not out of love for them.</span></p><p data-uid="5fc678e6-07cf-4de8-939b-c91caa01e130"><span>He only offered them stocks at a low price to demand loyalty and had planned to retrieve those shares post-IPO to secure control of Hoop Entertainment in his own hands.</span></p><p data-uid="72f9f8fd-adc4-4944-b607-17781751e15a"><span>However, I had a way to turn his plan against him.</span></p><p data-uid="30647595-29ff-46b1-a174-83946c7eefb0"><span>I turned to Kang Gam-Chan and said, "Mr. Kang, let's fight fire with fire."</span></p><p data-uid="6e5274b5-649a-40fa-8d16-be24861e0f89"><span>I suggested bringing in more talent agents to counter Choi Man-Sik.</span></p><p data-uid="ca89a34e-31aa-498a-97d0-09f34743e0a6"><span>Kang Gam-Chan frowned bitterly and said, "Unlike President Choi who controls Suhyaejong, we have no idea who we can trust. So how can we expand like this? If we bring in people recklessly, Choi Man-Sik will take them all."</span></p><p data-uid="77b51dc7-e935-464e-9070-6445173433af"><span>Nonetheless, no one knew it better than me when it came to a list of trustworthy and competent talent agents.</span></p><p data-uid="80f9d969-96a8-414b-b988-a264d99ef6aa"><span>"Please give me a moment," I replied as I sorted through the talent agents I remembered from before my past life.</span></p><p data-uid="61c92ce1-142b-4ede-8b87-6bae012d0ed8"><span>I shortlisted thirty capable and loyal talent agents in the industry and sent the names to Kang Gam-Chan via KkTalk.</span></p><p data-uid="0dc6a388-7c67-42bf-bff9-a1eb8d5d25d7"><span>Kang Gam-Chan asked, "You want me to bring in these people?"</span></p><p data-uid="c72e54b9-aa6a-4078-a654-85959953100a"><span>"Yes, they are steadfast and skilled individuals I've met while working on the ground. Plus... I kept an eye on those who showed loyalty."</span></p><p data-uid="a99276e7-4e4f-4239-8e9a-0cf322b9f47f"><span>The fact that none of them were from Suhyaejong particularly caught Kang Gam-Chan's interest.</span></p><p data-uid="5057001f-0a48-4d6e-8dd2-8ec09ad13a6c"><span>I proposed, "And please ensure the right to purchase our company's shares is accessible to all employees."</span></p><p data-uid="d8c72265-b930-4555-a7a9-0faecd06c96e"><span>As he looked at the list, a slight...</span></p>