---
title: "Chapter 543: Advertisement Cancellation Issue (2)"
weight: 543
---
<p data-uid="64d9131f-3176-47ed-95ca-d79a497b4ee9"><span>At Table 12 of the SOUL bar in Daegu K Hotel, as Gu Jin-Oh and Kim Cheon-Seok disappeared into the restroom, Yang Gyu-Dong smirked and said, "Such a stubborn bastard. This won't do."</span></p><p data-uid="4019a754-b7d0-4789-8fca-86b024b1071d"><span>Oh Joo-Hyun nodded.&nbsp; "Mr. Yang, shouldn't we take care of Director Kim before Chief Jung arrives?"</span></p><p data-uid="17925269-5b0a-48b7-87f9-7574ce1cef59"><span>"Yeah. That's the way to go."</span></p><p data-uid="353172dc-8a7a-4336-8104-f3f99ce6bc65"><span>At that moment, Oh Joo-Hyun leaned toward Lee Sun-Yung and urged her to give a false confession. "Sun-Yung, when Director Kim Cheon-Seok comes back, say you're returning the extra 10% of the ad budget you received without any reason. That way, Mr. Yang can get him for embezzlement and breach of trust. Just stick to the script, alright?"</span></p><p data-uid="db5fa409-1e69-4463-9aa6-673845cc853a"><span>Lee Sun-Yung gave a confident smile. "That's a piece of cake. But in return for the fake testimony, I want the next A10 model's ad campaign. Deal?"</span></p><p data-uid="b50faa32-9314-4d9e-8f5c-7a38c55061d7"><span>Unlike the high-end Galactica Note or Galactica S series that only top celebrities endorsed, the budget A series ads often featured rookie or supporting actors. Lee Sun-Yung had been the model for the Galactica A10 launched last winter, but after she took the role, A10's sales dropped. As a result, she was cut from the campaign and Kim Cheon-Seok was currently searching for a new model.</span></p><p data-uid="3c6b4241-4926-4dad-8001-ba53039aec5e"><span>Apparently, Kim Cheon-Seok, feeling guilty about abruptly canceling the contract, gave her an additional 10% of the contract fee as consolation.</span></p><p data-uid="65cda15f-21d3-4bf0-9944-3312d1cc8ade"><span>Normally, this might have been a heartwarming story of a big-name advertiser looking out for a struggling rookie actress. However, Yang Gyu-Dong twisted the narrative, trying to frame Kim Cheon-Seok...</span></p>