---
title: "Chapter 533: Backside (3)"
weight: 533
---
<p data-uid="2ef4853d-4f45-4730-a8ca-5e1b3141d59e"><span>Kim Bu-Ho started his business at a fruit and vegetable shop called Daechon Market, and over several decades, he built Daechon Inc., focusing on distribution and department stores.</span></p><p data-uid="0c326a57-e8ba-44f5-8f47-0cc1d483beba"><span>Later, he expanded into chemicals, construction, hotels, and oil-related businesses, elevating Daechon Inc.'s rank to 17th in the business world. Currently, he held the position of honorary president and had stepped back, but he was someone who could easily resume the role of president whenever he wished. He was also a hometown sunbae and lifelong rival of President Hong Moon-Gyu of HK Inc.</span></p><p data-uid="d57249f4-c067-458d-a1e5-8eb599e5314a"><span>Because of this, even Kim Ae-Ryeon showed no fear of HK Inc. and had offered me the banquet hall at Daechon Hotel.</span></p><p data-uid="6c30ae7c-f6ce-4c50-9b59-d9e6cb593e69"><span>However, Kim Bu-Ho was someone I was uncomfortable with. After all, I played the biggest role in getting his eldest daughter, Kim Ae-Ja, arrested. Fortunately, thanks to Kim Ae-Ryeon lending me a hand, Kim Bu-Ho still did not know that I was involved in that matter. But once he learned the truth, he would no doubt unleash all his fury on me.</span></p><p data-uid="75214c30-df2f-4658-899a-93a6b9999180"><span>I asked, "Does Mr. Kim know I was involved in Kim Ae-Ja's arrest?"</span></p><p data-uid="f54f080a-f423-4fae-9b51-7abad67af66d"><span>"No, not at all. Why would I do something to get scolded? I made sure my sister only knows it as something the media did as well, so don't worry."</span></p><p data-uid="24ea2a64-a843-4424-a69b-ad03ce9aaf55"><span>However, no secret lasts forever in this world. I couldn't let my guard down.</span></p><p data-uid="81deae10-e482-44dd-9b44-fff824786693"><span>"Then why does he want to see me?"</span></p><p data-uid="f7f53aa9-f4ad-4820-84b5-a18c403748bd"><span>"Beats me. He didn't even tell me, but one thing's for sure—Dad has high expectations. I bragged a lot about you, Chief Jung."</span></p><p data-uid="ef0a4974-942d-4007-8d0e-6a6a2c178e8a"><span>There was a feeling from her smile that something good might happen. Yet, no...</span></p>