---
title: "Chapter 81: Burger Queen Commercial (1)"
weight: 81
---
<p data-uid="ec981f15-f1de-430a-ad90-929f56efee8f">Ju Yung-In, who was seated in the backseat of the large Merciless Springer parked in the shooting site's parking lot, erupted in anger.</p><p data-uid="c997609c-83af-48c7-9c39-4487a79fc4e4">"Why did you only give chocolates to the male staff when Assistant Manager Jung gave them to everyone on set!? I heard the female staff talking about me earlier. Didn't you?"</p><p data-uid="99c17911-075a-4715-a59b-10026682b0a2">"I-I’m sorry. I'll go and prepare more chocolate right now, so..."</p><p data-uid="8491c262-d143-4830-8719-bcee781d3835">"Seriously?! You're making me look even more bad. If you do that, it will make it look like I’m apologizing! Are you trying to embarrass me or what!?"</p><p data-uid="c4351d49-dc4a-45d7-9f6f-1cd63241223a">Kang Myung-Gil was sweating profusely under Ju Yung-In's annoyance.</p><p data-uid="e98ddf8a-c51c-4c19-85ca-80fceba26a35">'<em>This is all because of Jung Yoon-Ho. Why on earth would he give chocolates to women on Valentine's Day?</em>'<span class="footnote-ref" id="footnote-ref-3c19"><a href="#footnote-3c19">[1]</a></span>.</p><p data-uid="2930090f-6f82-4381-94fc-fba7f3681b2b">Because Jung Yoon-Ho had given chocolates to the female staff as well, people inevitably compared his and Kang Myung-Gil’s managerial skills and saw the latter in an unfavorable light.</p><p data-uid="ce3c768c-216e-43d7-8d21-39a4713d6317">At that moment, the door slid open and Choi Jong-Hyuk emerged.</p><p data-uid="efe18480-0a98-47e4-93d7-358890c61be6">"Hey. Everyone can hear your voice, so stop harassing your talent agent. Honestly, it's not even his fault and you know that too. It’s Yoo-Jin’s talent agent who is unusual."</p><p data-uid="3d9a8ff3-063a-404e-9558-1e08e44eb411">Seeing Choi Jong-Hyuk, Ju Yung-In sighed deeply. "Mr. Kang. I have something to discuss with Jong-Hyuk oppa, so could you give us a moment?"</p><p data-uid="dfd47d72-afdc-4f84-b0af-504a8bb1e332">"But are you sure? I’m worried if rumors start just because you two are alone in the car..."</p><p data-uid="6a9da3df-1f1b-4ba0-beda-69f69f66d9f5">"<em>Ugh</em>, why...</p>