---
title: "Chapter 426: Kim Dong-Soo'S Hidden Camera (1)"
weight: 426
---
<p data-uid="5559af81-5fc9-410f-af63-9a337a79104a"><span>After hearing the news about successfully recruiting the ten actresses who were victims of the hidden camera incident, I sped up slightly and drove to Seoul.</span></p><p data-uid="9f46af33-96bb-42d6-a309-9277b36e0753"><span>By the time I arrived in Seoul, I got caught in the evening rush hour traffic. The car crawled like a turtle from Yangjae onward, repeatedly stopping and starting. Taking advantage of the brief moments when the car came to a halt, I rested my hands on the steering wheel and drifted into thought.</span></p><p data-uid="f917302b-29f0-488c-b9af-5c2a09b81974"><span>Currently, the original hidden camera photos that Nalsae handed over were in Lee Soo-Chan's possession, while Kim Dong-Soo held copies of them. If left unchecked, Kim Dong-Soo would undoubtedly use those photos to manipulate the actresses.</span></p><p data-uid="ed577336-804e-4ac1-89f8-24e1d4c38086"><span>Once an actress got entangled with Kim Dong-Soo, her life as an entertainer would be over. They would be dragged into endless rounds of socializing and catering to others, just like in my past life.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="fc6bbaa8-6cad-4843-89cc-fc49e000914c"><span>Back then, I never bothered to understand their stories and dismissed them as just "those kinds of people." However, in hindsight now, I couldn't help but feel a deep sense of guilt.</span></p><p data-uid="e6827d03-9c39-415b-a1dd-91986017f74c"><span>Regardless, Kim Dong-Soo's threats were both a crisis and an opportunity because I could implicate him for blackmail and illegal filming.</span></p><p data-uid="715733bd-e667-418c-9217-3fb8916b8d96"><span>If it were in my past life, I would have brought the actresses in front of the press and had them publicly accuse Kim Dong-Soo. Though it would have revealed their identities, it would have been an incredibly strong and certain method to bring him down.</span></p><p data-uid="2f9301fd-75be-4f58-8abe-9fe0b676c651"><span>Nonetheless, such exposure would leave too severe a scar on the actresses, so I was searching for another way.</span></p><p data-uid="d432a88e-5d85-4c88-a818-f312cf361748"><span>At that moment,...</span></p>