---
title: "Chapter 321: Park Sun-Jae (1)"
weight: 321
---
<p data-uid="25dbba0a-17c9-42ad-ae18-cfb6b6ea7016"><span>Jo Jae-Kyung announced loudly at the VIP screening of</span><em><span> Beyond the Boundary </span></em><span>that his own film would be released soon.</span></p><p data-uid="3a7bd514-c68c-4767-b9c1-cc6c80b92da4"><span>"What? Is that true? This time it's a commercial film?"</span></p><p data-uid="2490deb4-4203-47a8-a7f6-c4d1952a2469"><span>"But you've only done art films until now. Why the sudden shift to commercial cinema, Mr. Jo?"</span></p><p data-uid="ea818e11-2370-4f73-b186-16f282ddd28b"><span>"And are you really releasing it without any prior publicity?"</span></p><p data-uid="96dddb05-caad-4380-b6e2-1cd9ef49665f"><span>Jo Jae-Kyung responded with a relaxed smile to the reporters' barrage of questions. "I've always wanted to do commercial films. And I believe one week is enough for publicity. As long as the work is good, the audience will naturally come through word of mouth, won't they?"</span></p><p data-uid="cf0296eb-301c-4bf9-b583-d724450500f0"><span>Most films run their publicity efforts at least two to three weeks, or even up to six months, before their release. However, Jo Jae-Kyung, who CK Entertainment backed, did not.</span></p><p data-uid="c9642562-32f5-47e8-83a4-505fc6639488"><span>Choi Sung-Moon had barely managed to calm down, but he instantly flared up again at Jo Jae-Kyung's provocations. "Is that guy out of his mind? How dare he come to someone else's event and pull this nonsense?"</span></p><p data-uid="5fa934ea-0fb7-4098-b8b1-f09f9affe10b"><span>I whispered to Choi Sung-Moon about one of Jo Jae-Kyung's weak points. "Mr. Choi, try provoking him by mentioning that he's a rich kid backed by CK Entertainment. It'll get to him."</span></p><p data-uid="f28c1fe8-e369-4ee7-8b7d-4998316eac8c"><span>"Will that childish tactic really work?"</span></p><p data-uid="6b9c5cdc-4e19-49de-a7a3-59f289e27bfb"><span>"Yes. Trust me on this one."</span></p><p data-uid="3205306c-b0f3-4303-8cc9-eb9cf96a7e69"><span>"Alright."</span></p><p data-uid="f85459e4-20b7-4b49-b11f-9f52029df338"><span>After taking a deep breath, Choi Sung-Moon said loudly, "As expected~ the CK family's young master does things differently. Nationwide release with no proper publicity efforts? Should we start calling you the rich kid director instead?"</span></p><p data-uid="59a84976-a561-43ae-8876-85e224ecba1a"><span>At that moment, Jo Jae-Kyung's confident smile faltered for the first...</span></p>