---
title: "Chapter 82: Burger Queen Commercial (2)"
weight: 82
---
<p data-uid="e9d74fd6-9b72-48ac-a439-5c224c073abd">Before traveling back in time, the bizarre ad Yoo-Jin had shot for Burger Queen was originally for Lotteria and it was a series of ads. That's why I made sure the contract stated that additional pay would be received for each extra ad shot before we signed it.</p><p data-uid="94a38998-8ce3-4704-9622-a450212e2a62">Thanks to this, we now had the opportunity to receive additional ad revenue.</p><p data-uid="9a2affc1-acac-4ba0-83b7-a7debe34280e">"Yes, Ms. Ahn, please go ahead."</p><p data-uid="5d3d0458-80fd-42d5-bc18-7907feece5f6">Ahn Ji-Yoon's voice trembled as she spoke.</p><p data-uid="1d067289-0d39-45ad-8cd9-8564bef4b102">-Can we immediately start producing a second part of the ad? You heard that Mr. Park Bull-Chool planned it as a series, right? People are loving the ad and it’s going viral on the internet. It would be a shame to stop at one ad, don't you think?</p><p data-uid="c66226a3-de05-4b2a-b1de-8a76af38999f">"Of course, we should definitely shoot the second part."</p><p data-uid="295d7683-1333-431d-9cca-09999d6f2416">-Right? I knew you would agree, Mr. Jung. I'll start preparing right away. And I'll discuss the details with Mr. Gu, okay?</p><p data-uid="0bd746e2-e6ae-4dba-90a1-dc4b1c02b739">Ahn Ji-Yoon tried to hurriedly end the call.</p><p data-uid="87436345-f79f-4f63-8499-e9ee51705bf8">"Um, Ms. Ahn?"</p><p data-uid="504769b6-b7c3-4082-8f0b-99911e6c63a7">-Yes?</p><p data-uid="83f68f25-e09f-4567-95de-93ef0baf4af2">"Mr. Gu is busy these days, so you can discuss the details with me. And we’ll also need to decide on the additional fee. By the way…you do know that Yoo-Jin is getting a lot of calls from other companies to shoot an ad with them now, right?"</p><p data-uid="fdddb103-c8b8-4394-a124-937dc368619c">Ahn Ji-Yoon's voice started to tremble even more.</p><p data-uid="2e97e15a-fa5f-4e78-b2dc-e76868002484">-O-of course. Could we pay an additional 10 million won per ad? That would be 20 million for two!</p><p data-uid="ebe6d808-1085-48cd-9ede-7eb1a603f859">"Ah, come on, Ms. Ahn. Don’t be stingy. You and I both know that’s not going to work! Let's just settle for a total of 30 million won for both....</p>