---
title: "Chapter 230: Harvest (3)"
weight: 230
---
<p data-uid="aacd95ec-5f7e-426e-85f0-66587b6d6847"><span>For celebrities to endure the tough life in showbiz, they needed something to cool their heads occasionally.</span></p><p data-uid="45f766b2-8fc4-41c1-8bda-c9ee216b1f7e"><span>Things like alcohol or cigarettes usually served that purpose, but for Sung Ho-Jun, that role was played by games. Because of that reason, Sung Ho-Jun valued the time spent playing games more than anything.</span></p><p data-uid="d0e57b4d-dd8d-4f53-88c3-4ae8ab2f911e"><span>He even fired Jang Yoo-Sik, the chief of TNT Entertainment who told him to stop playing those games, and made his brother Sung Yung-Jun his talent agent.</span></p><p data-uid="a7a761d3-8a73-4d9c-8589-364fd6423dc8"><span>"You like to play games, don't you, Mr. Ho-Jun? Of course I should wait until you're done. After all, it's a mobile game so each round ends in just two minutes anyway," I replied.</span></p><p data-uid="97c8f1ee-283b-488a-82f5-300acbe281f6"><span>A broad smile spread across Sung Ho-Jun's face. "That's the first time I've heard that. You're a considerate man, Mr. Jung. I've heard good things about you lately and it's clear there's a reason for that."</span></p><p data-uid="53477546-d96f-4a9a-a4ab-026705e956a4"><span>I smiled. "You flatter me, Mr. Sung."</span></p><p data-uid="26a3ffca-b363-4153-a4c5-0ff37c4907ae"><span>Sung Ho-Jun pointed to the sofa with a bright expression. "Come on, let's sit and talk."</span></p><p data-uid="7d62461a-f002-4fed-9d2f-b94412a517b0"><span>I nodded. "Sure."</span></p><p data-uid="cddb186f-38bb-40a2-8440-89d5074771f9"><span>In the meantime, Sung Yung-Jun fetched drinks from the refrigerator in the waiting room. Sung Ho-Jun handed me a drink and began the conversation with a playful smile.</span></p><p data-uid="4657fcd3-f3d8-4401-a76b-e2ac95b542c5"><span>But now I had to focus.</span></p><p data-uid="a18345a7-2cd3-4c0b-b454-0a2070d17896"><span>While cheerful and playful, Sung Ho-Jun was also quick-witted and calculative.</span></p><p data-uid="61a0369f-213f-42a0-b365-acb7cef32428"><span>"Alright, that's enough greeting. What's the reason you wanted to see me?" Sung Ho-Jun asked.</span></p><p data-uid="25182621-60d7-4a9b-8c14-14118a17c052"><span>"If you transfer to Hoop Entertainment, please join Team Jung under my management," I said in a straightforward manner...</span></p>