---
title: "Chapter 100: Forewarning"
weight: 100
---
<p data-uid="83f8d3a8-1af7-4293-aa22-b905639ae598">Kang Gam-Chan let out a deep sigh. Despite wanting to maintain a balance, he couldn't exclude graduates from the Seoul National University of Arts given their prevalence in the industry.</p><p data-uid="7ac5222b-0378-4f00-9a86-0105fe5cc8eb">"Ju Ho-Sung, huh? He used to be from Ace Entertainment?"</p><p data-uid="e0e5c287-1fc6-4af6-b39a-119300a9d882">"Yes. He was an assistant manager for three years. We brought him in at a higher position as a team lead."</p><p data-uid="6d0938da-9879-4432-b268-83419806f645">Kang Gam-Chan's eyes narrowed slightly as he reviewed the personnel document.</p><p data-uid="b4e7384f-4f41-4bc4-adc7-f750d0da1ee2">"So, are you going to send Ju Ho-Sung to Actor Division 3 as well?"</p><p data-uid="03baac3e-10db-48d6-8565-ea5e16d4225f">Following the collapse of Louis and Stepping Stone Entertainment and the subsequent recruitment of six actors recruited by Kim Dong-Soo, Actor Division 3 was facing a severe staff shortage.</p><p data-uid="06c98de9-09a2-4fd9-9da0-3530fa45683c">"Yes, sir. Actor Division 3 didn't seem too crowded when Assistant Manager Jung was there, but gaps started to appear as soon as he left. So we’ll have to deploy all the other new hires to Actor Division 3, except one person who will be assigned to Assistant Manager Jung."</p><p data-uid="c89cf5ec-38ac-4415-90a2-ad40fc1b3cd1">"<em>Sigh</em>. If only everyone were like Yoon-Ho, then I'd have no worries."</p><p data-uid="6b1a2518-7658-4bc6-bb1e-d1ccbf911399">Kang Ji-Yung smiled at Kang Gam-Chan's complaint. "Well, Assistant Manager Jung is exceptional. Where else would you find someone like him in the entire industry?"</p><p data-uid="c926ae60-a24b-4173-abab-e8338d5513a8">"Right. Then assign Jung Sang-Bong to Yoon-Ho and send the rest to Actor Division 3."</p><p data-uid="09e0cec2-bd92-42d2-9c6a-96a597590d82">"Understood. I'll inform them accordingly."</p><p data-uid="a1eaf3cb-5145-4e67-8c3d-e1ac20b7c8ad">Then Kang Gam-Chan stopped Kang Ji-Yung as she was about to leave. "Oh, and ask Yoon-Ho...</p>