---
title: "Chapter 577: Their Plan (2)"
weight: 577
---
<p data-uid="a22139bf-7f90-420e-94d4-9aed5a4851c1"><span>"Ms. So, what exactly do you think you're doing right now?"</span></p><p data-uid="2280d8b3-c78f-4c7e-a355-d686dbee1273"><span>So Ji-Min, who had been talking to Jo Min-Sung about his next project, turned around in surprise. "Chief Jung? What are you doing here at this hour...?"</span></p><p data-uid="6ff2ae93-c3c9-4a2e-bbc2-860f2f74a5fc"><span>Maybe it was because I wasn't supposed to be here and should have been at the company, but shock was clearly written on her face.</span></p><p data-uid="712121a3-f1ce-4605-8500-86c87bfe82c7"><span>Yet, So Ji-Min quickly wiped away her startled expression and spoke shamelessly. "I had business at the network and thought I should drop by to say hello to Mr. Jo Min-Sung. Is that a problem?"</span></p><p data-uid="cd167bf3-9521-41ae-97c4-bcf01b9cf6a3"><span>Unlike the brazen So Ji-Min, Jo Min-Sung looked a little guilty for having discussed his next project and greeted me apologetically. "Uh... Chief Jung, you're here."</span></p><p data-uid="2d201458-ab7f-468a-8699-2e8692acd61d"><span>I nodded. "Yes. I was nearby, so I thought I'd stop by for an on-site check. But where's Mr. Ju?"</span></p><p data-uid="457b834f-36c6-4bbe-a4fb-efd9e10fae16"><span>"I'm not sure. He got a call and stepped out earlier, but he said he'd be right back."</span></p><p data-uid="4d7d0324-7eb9-4757-86e3-4ef71543f838"><span>Ju Yung-Hoon might be a bit playful and laid-back, but he wasn't the type to leave the set without a reason. That meant something had definitely happened.</span></p><p data-uid="5423b27b-9139-462e-aa4f-526b43bc9ac4"><span>However, that was something to look into later. First, I had to stop So Ji-Min from swaying Jo Min-Sung.</span></p><p data-uid="57f866fb-2729-4658-bf53-48d88c787eac"><span>"I thought I heard you talking about Mrs. Guk Bong-Soon's <em>The Nine Lives </em>a moment ago. Is that right?"</span></p><p data-uid="aa151cc2-b403-4057-ab59-9d4d3224f658"><span>Determined to double down, So Ji-Min didn't even try to hide it. "That's right. Everyone in the industry knows that Mrs. Guk Bong-Soon wants Mr. Jo Min-Sung as...</span></p>