---
title: "Chapter 11: New Start"
weight: 11
---
<p data-uid="e6e8dfb5-a653-4947-9221-57269e1f5d0e">Upon returning to the room, I noticed the blanket that Miso had been under was slightly messed up. When I straightened the blanket for her, Miso started to smack her lips in her sleep with a content expression on her face.</p><p data-uid="fa3242f9-20c5-4414-b762-4b74c7133eb5">‘<em>Aw. She is adorable.</em>’</p><p data-uid="82506b8e-e75a-456c-a932-5492cc7c429b">“Oppa?”</p><p data-uid="c57f45ac-d7da-4824-864d-aa2cd420c56c">“Oh, yes? I’m sorry.”</p><p data-uid="e3745e8d-36d4-4bd0-8610-aa63ea9b2287">“Isn’t Miso so cute and pretty?”</p><p data-uid="1660e79b-8eb3-4972-9c95-c0136ab27a91">“She really is.”</p><p data-uid="2d8d0c0b-60d2-4a17-8b29-c5d61c112934">After covering Miso with the blanket as she squirmed in bed, Yoo-Jin asked me for feedback on her acting.</p><p data-uid="a109ed4e-7900-4966-88c2-8a88b439868b">“Oh, right. So what did you think of my acting earlier? I still have a lot to learn, don’t I?”</p><p data-uid="19bcf479-3995-415f-a33f-10744f09d637">Seizing the opportunity, I thought I should attempt to get Acting Coach Choi Hyun-Min out of her way.</p><p data-uid="0d2ef1cd-780a-4ec4-85d1-c00d3c22a801">“No, it was great. It was really good! But I think it would be best if you continued practicing on your own instead of taking lessons.”</p><p data-uid="6465fe5a-9a54-4bda-b521-a64f2edec7ed">“Huh? Why?”</p><p data-uid="1bca949f-f392-4b3c-ab8e-93d07c220ffd"><em>‘Because your acting is a hundred times better than that of your coach.’</em></p><p data-uid="40b1d72d-03f0-4242-8efa-72f24b2dcc59">But I knew saying that would only raise unnecessary suspicions. Instead, I tried to explain myself in a way that Yoo-Jin could understand.</p><p data-uid="500e61f4-a321-47bb-abb8-54fea67753c6">“I think Mr. Choi Hyun-Min’s coaching method may not be the best fit for you. Don’t you remember Ms. Lee Ji-Yeon mentioning something like that before?”</p><p data-uid="10db2cf4-0447-4fe0-905e-dbbc7cf3fdb6">“Hmm. Now that you mention it, I think I’ve heard something along those lines…”</p><p data-uid="8ac6d8d8-ba38-4b5e-a6e2-e5562aa6bbe7">Yoo-Jin placed her finger on her temple as she tried to recall those memories. The exact meaning behind Lee Ji-Yeon’s words was that training lessons offered by Hoop Entertainment were subpar, but I had no intention of interpreting it correctly for her.</p><p data-uid="fa7b28b3-1c3b-4894-be89-64a076e481e1">At that moment, Yoo-Jin spoke in a worried tone.</p><p data-uid="60ed5b15-08ab-4c06-b056-c876d8df9710">“But the company said I had to continue taking acting lessons for three more years.”</p><p data-uid="b9de0b0e-0721-44c7-baf5-6b0f460f7805">For a moment, I almost lost my temper. Subjecting Yoo-Jin to three more years of coaching from Choi Hyun-Min was tantamount to stifling her talent.</p><p data-uid="58ae15f4-fbc1-46ef-9046-5e3f3aacd504">“Three years? No way. If it doesn’t work out, I’ll find someone else to coach you in acting. Just trust me.”</p><p data-uid="3b4289cd-4fa5-4e21-9151-8b202feb3ecd">Persuading Gu Seong-Cheol would be difficult, but I already had a plan in mind.</p><p data-uid="b17f01e9-c153-467e-8583-960d38a680bb">Yoo-Jin gave me a playful wink.</p><p data-uid="dfd51b68-8adc-4c30-b2be-cfcf60bd742f">“Okay. So from now on, I don’t have to worry about anything and just follow whatever you say?”</p><p data-uid="c3942911-b5b3-4cdb-b170-f424a1a10ac6">“Y-yes.”</p><p data-uid="7e0a7d49-d367-44d0-ad53-592dc94290e4">Her unexpected reaction made my heart flutter. Despite being in the body of my twenty-six-year-old self, my thoughts and memories belonged to the thirty-six-year-old version of me. Hence, having such reactions felt strange at times.</p><p data-uid="715559b6-7af1-4f1b-81ac-4eda5dc56140">Nonetheless, I recognized the urgency in expediting Yoo-Jin’s career development. Staying passive could result in Yoo-Jin being overshadowed and her career potentially crushed by Ju Yung-In and Kim Dong-Soo.</p><p data-uid="7e164628-2abe-49b6-b447-d9def5b8d5c5">“Then I’ll just quietly read the script for now. I don’t think I can practice anymore since Miso is asleep.”</p><p data-uid="1993cdb3-18be-4a71-a2c1-25277cc7edfb">“Alright.”</p><p data-uid="fca6a3a7-f3ff-4e5f-8f4f-3418d277c33b">While Yoo-Jin silently read the script, I skimmed through the planner and decided on the next drama she should star in.</p><p data-uid="91a90af3-d259-4a82-a822-55a3ea72ebeb">‘<em>Yes. Let’s go with this one.</em>’</p><p data-uid="3ecb34f7-55de-4344-b233-ef273882be85"><br></p><p data-uid="17416782-300f-4c52-8ecc-c02561414a5f">[Everyday V10]</p><p data-uid="6f5f4800-4e42-42ad-a54f-768d2dfd147f">[Date: June 18th, 2020]</p><p data-uid="ed416047-774b-49dd-b0f3-e0e0414a732c">-10:00 PM SBC &lt;Blue Sky&gt; Episode 24 monitoring. Highest viewership 22.1%</p><p data-uid="7b2e36fe-a30b-4857-b2bd-097f6d5f06b4"><br></p><p data-uid="8aefafba-0b4c-4c9d-9568-9a750fc66e30"><em>Blue Sky</em> written by Kim Soll-Ip would be broadcast starting on April 1st next year.<em>&nbsp;Blue Sky&nbsp;</em>would become a hit with all the actors gaining attention and surpassing a viewership of 22%. If Yoo-Jin could get a role in <em>Blue Sky,</em> her name would undoubtedly be etched into the viewers’ minds.</p><p data-uid="8691f9cc-4a7c-45b5-846e-e3b65becf82b">The male actors in this drama were known to flirt with the actresses all the time, but that was common in the industry. I was confident in handling such situations and preventing Yoo-Jin from any unwanted advances.</p><p data-uid="7e46be4e-42d9-4b4b-98aa-61360b46ab6d">Moreover, this drama provided a perfect excuse to turn down Lee Ji-Yeon’s offer to appear in her upcoming new drama, which would be broadcast on the same day. Considering Kim Soll-Ip was Lee Ji-Yeon’s assistant, the latter would concede at least once if she knew that Yoo-Jin was going to appear in Kim Soll-Ip’s drama.</p><p data-uid="4f0b16c9-150a-4ea8-974b-141fb3c82144">I continued to flip through the planner and selected other dramas for Yoo-Jin to appear in.</p><p data-uid="e6360d8d-b9f6-41e8-919b-b490bfe04db8">‘<em>Let’s go with this one after Blue Sky</em>…’</p><p data-uid="80b779d1-4a86-4a96-99be-9aa273c53283">As I was envisioning Yoo-Jin’s career development plan with a smile, I heard the sound of Miso waking up.</p><p data-uid="f62c9dbe-e5bb-425e-8245-801fb30f974d">“Auntie~.”</p><p data-uid="3759f990-20fc-4417-a26f-d97d8daecee7">Miso rubbed her eyes and looked for Yoo-Jin. Despite just waking up from a deep sleep, Miso addressed Yoo-Jin as auntie instead of mom, showing how careful she had been to hide their true relationship in front of other people.</p><p data-uid="c49d10e4-9502-41d8-ac00-4342faa2178b">I felt the need to address this issue of Miso not being able to call Yoo-Jin ‘mom’ promptly.</p><p data-uid="c320e2e7-29d9-48ee-912f-3f429cf1926f">When Miso opened her eyes, Yoo-Jin smiled and closed the script.</p><p data-uid="f71db701-81de-45b6-bc26-04c449496541">“Miso, are you up?”</p><p data-uid="a927a8e1-6c6a-4f1b-be73-9981db58440d">“Yeup…I fell asleep because I was too full.”</p><p data-uid="961098e5-a1d0-4ef6-bb91-3fd5168bd149">Miso stretched her arms and snuggled into Yoo-Jin’s embrace.</p><p data-uid="b598adad-0b41-4c0a-8f63-d80fa1d1ac0b">“Come here, Miso. How was your sleep?”</p><p data-uid="91bb38a1-7447-44e3-9add-a470f876a139">“It was good! I’m not sleepy anymore,” Miso answered cheerfully.</p><p data-uid="f3792407-062b-401b-958e-55f43bea3edc">“Oh, Miso. You drooled in your sleep.”</p><p data-uid="55effdf9-830b-45c0-aace-651c29f08f7b">“Huh? Where? Where?”</p><p data-uid="ce50dadb-fe2b-4084-9f72-7f6e6e613481">With surprised eyes, Miso wiped around her cheeks with her tiny hands.</p><p data-uid="5501faae-179a-44a1-9dc2-54c069fcd7ee">“Haha. I’m just kidding~.”</p><p data-uid="df5c2d83-502c-49a7-be35-850d925ab654">“Ugh, auntie! I hate you!”</p><p data-uid="84990e7a-e77f-4acb-b236-fd3cecc7b4ac">Miso puffed her cheeks, upset by Yoo-Jin’s jest. However, Yoo-Jin found Miso adorable and pulled her into a hug and tickled her.</p><p data-uid="efeb5b85-fc69-4653-bfad-6100bb1e6aae">“No, Miso. Don’t hate me~.”</p><p data-uid="3994cbbb-33e9-4125-ac8e-7b025130300e">“<em>Hahaha.</em> It tickles! It tickles! Stop it~. Hahaha!”</p><p data-uid="bafbe117-4702-49c6-8faf-a2b155b819f1">Miso’s pout disappeared as she burst into laughter. Witnessing this scene brought a smile to my face and warmed my heart.</p><p data-uid="ed4a495d-a32e-48a8-bcc7-8ecfd9fec836">“Alright. Let’s call it a day and go home. The landlord texted me to say that you guys can return home now.”</p><p data-uid="4caacd41-9536-434e-b569-da27555331f4">“Okay, oppa.”</p><p data-uid="e1b9913e-f8f9-4f42-8e01-2e46e95ba021">“Okay, uncle Yoon-Ho!”</p><p data-uid="fa78c6ab-9632-418d-bfe8-50219ee7bbb1">After sending Yoo-Jin and Miso home that evening, the landlord thanked me for preventing her house from being burned down due to a gas leak. She bowed her head several times to show her appreciation and treated us to an extravagant dinner.</p><p data-uid="37a76a6d-0578-41ff-bd64-c9bed12d0f5c">The landlord ensured I received a basket full of fruits from her before I left, though I couldn’t understand why the fruit basket had to include a durian.</p><p data-uid="9a3fb1d4-ce0b-4f54-a806-60fcc4f8af55" style="text-align: center">***</p><p data-uid="4883f3a4-a620-44fa-8517-c312731d7f1d">The first thing I did upon returning home was open the planner app.</p><p data-uid="1439a178-dc61-487b-b490-09a2ea0cbd87">During my first year at work, I was often scolded by my superiors, prompting me to diligently record everything in my planner, from schedules and matters to report to meeting notes, cast monitoring, and even viewership ratings.</p><p data-uid="98abc733-9d03-4222-8deb-491289f1a709">Reading through the planner where everything was written down meticulously like a personal diary filled with all sorts of information, I burst into a laugh without realizing it.</p><p data-uid="9ded88e4-95c1-4bde-a1c8-bde70af5e000">“<em>Hahaha.</em> I was crazy.”</p><p data-uid="7355d285-e29a-460b-bdc6-c1c2abb43e5e">I noticed that I had written down schedules even the day after Miso passed away.</p><p data-uid="3d7964eb-97de-4ea2-8b57-3027c30110ba"><br></p><p data-uid="390df37b-0221-4bc4-9097-9b13e760ddbf">[Everyday V10]</p><p data-uid="edbcd153-e211-45e0-b9be-c5e2869c736f">[Date: December 13th, 2019]</p><p data-uid="10638aa5-1d1a-405c-bf95-ceac71c4b799">[Current Time: 07:43 PM]</p><p data-uid="f53dce40-aef1-4419-8d17-8c4a44188dec">-06:00 PM &lt;Deleted Schedule&gt;</p><p data-uid="e20499f9-e43c-442f-afd8-6c2ccb07a9f0">(Deleted Schedule: Pick up Ju Yung-In)</p><p data-uid="a0cd6438-4fc2-4f71-bae6-8518270342a5">-09:50 KBC Drama &lt;<em>Best Doctor, Lee Pal-Ja</em>&gt;. Canceled due to breaking news.</p><p data-uid="c3813c21-1a7d-46ba-9ab3-79a98fe330c1"><br></p><p data-uid="78b8da68-b0ab-4501-b01a-11af371cf641">“Habits are indeed scary.”</p><p data-uid="5d6e99d9-a139-40f7-8110-d8621f9ec9a6">As I closely examined the diary, it brought back memories of that time. Feeling too ashamed to face Yoo-Jin after Miso’s funeral, I requested for a transfer to another department. Unfortunately, I was assigned to Actor Division 3 under Kim Dong-Soo, which was why my planner mostly contained schedules related to Actor Division 3.</p><p data-uid="f4bc787d-8185-48d0-98b8-b3497a202b0d">“Ah, now is not the time for this…”</p><p data-uid="94c2be1e-fe24-44bf-b2b3-538a49317706">Regaining my focus, I spent some time exploring the features of the planner app.</p><p data-uid="c5be21e6-e844-43f1-9362-c6ec343943f4" style="text-align: center">***</p><p data-uid="a924d30f-7424-45c9-bfca-acd27ce309de">After playing around with the app for a while, one thing became clear to me—under no circumstance would new schedules appear in the V10 app. I tried entering schedules into the current V1 version just in case, but no new schedules were added to V10.</p><p data-uid="1d8f50e9-e9e8-45b2-b32e-ba1229de4d6b">Subsequently, I decided to observe how schedules were deleted from the app and found that there were three rules governing schedule deletion.</p><p data-uid="5d3dbb05-dd9f-4ab4-b569-b268ca9dadf6"><br></p><p data-uid="8f740599-ec16-40f8-a1dd-66b28b85268a">[Everyday V10]</p><p data-uid="a89a3a86-0e73-4509-9f89-e4c6dcfc155f">[Three Rules Regarding Schedules]</p><ol><li><p data-uid="9f0fcc3f-7039-4d00-8b9f-60e630132062">One has to identify and change the exact cause of the incident for the outcome to change.</p></li><li><p data-uid="bbd8a921-9feb-4475-8ddc-a925e5f9dab9">It is incredibly difficult to change fate.</p></li><li><p data-uid="32537d72-c796-454a-a0f2-7f4c7d900e54">Events written in the planner will inevitably happen.</p></li></ol><p data-uid="00b06077-a89d-4f20-8ebc-e3161084aa76"><br></p><p data-uid="b91b90ad-544f-4da5-988a-064f1e4fa1e6">After meeting Yoo-Jin and saving Miso, I thought that all schedules related to Yoo-Jin in the planner would be completely deleted. However, the only thing that changed was the viewership rating of Episode 21 of <em>The Morning Takes Off</em>, which Yoo-Jin appeared in, scheduled to be broadcast in ten days.</p><p data-uid="6abdeff2-e16a-405a-b488-90e893fe73b1"><br></p><p data-uid="5d35ff8d-5127-40db-a174-7ace9c7b4616">[Everyday V10]</p><p data-uid="58e398ac-7168-4bb9-8a24-a691718f15b3">[Date: December 23rd, 2019]</p><p data-uid="9d7aae2a-af8d-4046-974b-ddce1a62579d">-10:00 PM &lt;Deleted Schedule&gt;</p><p data-uid="4bd31d5c-0444-47ec-ad34-f33c73b0d9c8">(Deleted Schedule: <em>The Morning Takes Off</em> Episode 21 Monitoring. Viewership Rating: 19.3%)</p><p data-uid="dea56ea7-72ea-4092-ba83-88e7129f14fb"><br></p><p data-uid="bb9c55ce-dcbc-4b93-9636-b6e9c2de8cbb">Even after scrutinizing ten years’ worth of schedules, the intermittent records related to Yoo-Jin remained unchanged. It seemed as though the hand of fate insisted that whatever was destined to happen would indeed happen, similar to the news currently being broadcast on TV.</p><p data-uid="ecf70762-e00a-4e7b-8eb0-304ba3dcf2cf"><br></p><p data-uid="ee42a53f-a0dd-4f51-89f3-2e787266f6e1">-Breaking news. Heavy snowfall in Seoul today led to the collapse of a gymnasium ceiling during an event. Rescue workers are currently…</p><p data-uid="bb6c0dcb-17c6-48b2-b730-bf15646af35f"><br></p><p data-uid="8a9eacc4-43b5-4a29-943e-074c33d6762a">At 9:50 PM, KBC Reporter Park Doo-Su did an urgent special report from the collapsed site at Hansung University’s gymnasium. The rescue workers hastily retreated and shouted loudly as the structure gave way.</p><p data-uid="11d50286-c9da-4874-b776-e0de3fb989a3">The situation was so urgent that they had to cancel the popular drama <em>Best Doctor, Lee Pal-Ja.</em></p><p data-uid="96258c8a-65a2-4b2d-9c28-b2ea167db4ce">Suddenly, the realization that I possessed knowledge of the future began to weigh heavily on me once more.</p><p data-uid="044cd706-9cc9-477e-a734-27d1a919118f">“Should I have warned them in advance…?”</p><p data-uid="657863a5-0f69-4fa3-b03d-8784a1c5f8ae">The thought of whether I should have reported the accident in advance to prevent such a tragedy briefly crossed my mind. However, I soon realized that it was impossible. Saving Miso alone had proved to be incredibly difficult. Moreover, going to the scene of the accident wouldn’t allow me to do anything anyway.</p><p data-uid="2612175b-8c6e-4819-a7ae-f8ba66e6cc9c">‘<em>People would think that I’m out of my mind if I shouted that there would be an accident with no evidence. I might even get arrested by the police.</em>’</p><p data-uid="ea63651d-b5e4-4c51-b987-6a32f8e3571b">After some contemplation, I reached a simple conclusion—I would only change the future within the bounds of what I could realistically do.</p><p data-uid="7ff477e9-cdee-4e3c-a2c0-b1d0a84aa280">‘<em>Who knows what might happen if I interfered with other matters recklessly?</em>’</p><p data-uid="b81bb22b-e3f0-47b4-a024-1e4748f481e6">I thought it was rather fortunate that there were no fatalities in the gymnasium collapse, and I started to examine the planner all night long.</p><p data-uid="29042e41-f8d2-4f42-a5ce-33f1adab916a" style="text-align: center">***</p><p data-uid="36747d79-4437-4558-bc9f-6b937668aae7">It was 6 AM in the morning of December 14th.</p><p data-uid="33d0ecd2-fd76-4c4d-b8fc-017ee89e9bb7">I headed to the company earlier to attend an Actor Division 2 meeting.</p><p data-uid="4b769b22-1d71-45f8-b66d-ec6ecae0caa8"><em>Screech.</em></p><p data-uid="bd72aa35-6dbe-4605-8409-c33f7df5d3c2">After parking my car in the underground parking lot, I ran into the four-member girl group, Cherry Blossom, who was exiting the elevator.</p><p data-uid="08bf6d5b-a860-41c1-9a8b-aeb0470d5b4d">“Huh?”</p><p data-uid="04566d35-4c10-4f02-8dbf-a9ef888dee92">Cherry Blossom, who debuted last fall, was receiving lots of support from the company. However, they were in a pitiful situation of being positioned between the second and third tier of girl groups due to their lack of popularity.</p><p data-uid="6cdd10ed-ec91-4936-91a7-12dd3fb209fd">And soon, they were destined to fail after releasing three albums and being kicked out of the company.</p><p data-uid="8f68e603-485f-45c4-bf6f-61a7dedf3ab2">Within Cherry Blossom, there were members of Faithful. They were Yoo Eun-Ah, who would become a regular winner of the Best Actress Award six years later, and Kim Sae-Ri, who would win the Grand Prize at the Golden Disk Awards for three consecutive years.</p><p data-uid="d16011d7-0871-4e51-b42a-b15ee071c9b1">I wanted to wave hello, but I couldn’t, considering their current predicament.</p><p data-uid="4de6611f-a503-49d3-9c49-c8f8307a0dac">“Guys, wake up. Sleep in the van because you’ll go straight to the site after visiting the salon.”</p><p data-uid="7d3c17a2-3b2d-4190-aa8a-06873874c3ce">Team Lead Han Myung-Ho, the talent agent in charge of Cherry Blossom, led the girls who looked sleepy. Twenty-one year old Woo Yeon-Hee was at the front, followed by twenty year old Yang Eun-Bi.</p><p data-uid="0ecd9680-54c4-48aa-9f90-1548d31d5b50">Next was nineteen year old Yoo Eun-Ah and fifteen year old Kim Sae-Ri who were walking with their eyes closed, each with a pink U-shaped travel pillow around their necks. They looked like ducklings following their mother.</p><p data-uid="3f3c9216-04f4-409a-87b4-dc6766a23b83">Despite being so exhausted, they responded to Han Myung-Ho.</p><p data-uid="8b6a2965-a598-45b6-b4b2-ad63c3e65ea6">“Okay.”</p><p data-uid="621ca322-d084-446e-880a-29859bf49158">“Okay~.”</p><p data-uid="16247a20-5121-40c6-a496-254909b1c963">“<em>Yawn.</em>”</p><p data-uid="29beb381-7e7d-4376-8608-45ce94978101">“Okay…”</p><p data-uid="9547c1e6-5bbc-4352-a571-89a8833dba90">They were at an age where getting sufficient sleep was crucial, but they had to start their day much earlier than others to arrive on time for regional events.</p><p data-uid="86cce812-5f9e-49e4-8b0a-347ac3951459">At that moment, the youngest member, Sae-Ri, veered off course. Instead of following the others around a left corner, she continued to walk straight ahead.</p><p data-uid="c5802908-c6b4-47e6-a341-bf4c92e81aaf"><em>Tap tap tap.</em></p><p data-uid="b0e3b65a-e389-4420-b8cf-953f8708afdb">With legs that were surprisingly long for her height, she was walking at a fast pace—still with her eyes closed.</p><p data-uid="37ab45f3-6463-4f92-a02e-731b47a5069c">“Mr. Han!”</p><p data-uid="7b0e5f17-2eea-468f-8be9-c4a4c9cf0210">At my exclamation, Team Lead Han Myung-Ho turned his head.</p><p data-uid="aab90c0d-2199-4829-8709-8fa0f4d56d0f">“Oh? Star Jung. Do you have a schedule today as well?”</p><p data-uid="f98d7a44-f184-480a-912e-8d632b5a37b9">“Oh, no. Look at Sae-Ri over there! Hey, Sae-Ri!”</p><p data-uid="ddf87ffa-5461-488c-b7ca-63d60d20b305">“Huh? What!? Sae-Ri!”</p><p data-uid="1d472ba2-3d7e-4a02-8779-517f163a7ff2">“Sae-Ri! Wake up!”</p><p data-uid="fc35e648-abb3-4530-a1bc-46e6a99bbd07">Han Myung-Ho was startled to see Sae-Ri walk in the wrong direction and raced toward her. I also got out of the car and quickly followed him. Thankfully, Sae-Ri, who had been heading straight for a wall, was stopped just in time by Han Myung-Ho.</p><p data-uid="69ac9915-ab59-4109-91fd-9c447df355bc">“<em>Huff, huff, huff.</em>”</p><p data-uid="9262512e-ddd6-4915-a039-1436c363f3a8">I breathed heavily, my heart feeling like it was about to burst at any moment. I felt as if my lifespan had shortened from the morning’s stress.</p><p data-uid="fe697d60-1047-4985-b104-87b9182a9af4">Sae-Ri, known for her poor sense of direction, had an uncanny knack for keeping people on edge.</p><p data-uid="f60a2360-9523-4ecd-aea2-d665781a0b8d">With her face buried in Han Myung-Ho’s soft belly, who stood in front of her to prevent the collision, Sae-Ri asked with her eyes half open.</p><p data-uid="7ccce41d-a678-46e2-b86d-19a30d6d6a40">“<em>Ugh</em>~ hmm. Where are we right now?”</p><p data-uid="edc8d735-6b62-4273-ac29-37235a4b9e16">“We are still in the parking lot. Come on, wake up already. You almost ran into the wall, you know that?”</p><p data-uid="6e050a1e-7be8-4bbd-a8d5-0741eb64bc40">“<em>Sigh.</em> I thought we arrived.”</p><p data-uid="e1dd8a5d-b437-4881-bc67-ca9a6c67fb17">I could even see saliva marks at the corners of her mouth.</p><p data-uid="f0eb83ab-1a16-4d29-9784-9b92a719d0fa">In the meantime, the remaining three members of Cherry Blossom also followed Han Myung-Ho to where Sae-Ri was. Han Myung-Ho wiped the cold sweat from his forehead and continued to lead the sleepy members to the van.</p><p data-uid="be2613e9-8d39-4f73-ace6-9668e0d4461f">“<em>Phew.</em> Kids, sleep in the van, okay? Follow me this way.”</p><p data-uid="47f6f840-e7bc-4aeb-a7ee-608cd113b976">As the mother duck moved forward, the ducklings began to follow as well. Han Myung-Ho gestured good-bye toward me, and Cherry Blossom followed him closely.</p><p data-uid="df544c07-7065-444d-8039-6cfb3b8063ed">As the door of the van opened, the members found their seats with their eyes still closed and immediately fell asleep upon getting in their seats.</p><p data-uid="3e9b5583-183a-40d5-a66d-21835dc165f5">Han Myung-Ho made sure all the members had their seatbelts on before heading to the driver’s seat and opened his mouth.</p><p data-uid="8d0c7b49-5d52-4cd2-8dd2-3d71f1bec768">“Goodness, I’m exhausted. I don’t know if I’m a talent agent or a kindergarten teacher. Anyway, thanks, Star Jung. I’ll see you later.”</p><p data-uid="aeeebf83-2da6-4e55-8c96-6ca788a46b67">“Yes, see you later. Have a safe drive.”</p><p data-uid="e9f9d9f3-37af-4c47-9376-b4daca70513a">“Okay.”</p><p data-uid="930a314c-ce21-48d1-ab41-af7370ca7da6">Their van made a noise as it left the underground parking lot.</p><p data-uid="b0717347-e59f-4c56-a1ad-a92038b8f926">“See you soon, guys.”</p><p data-uid="d22511e6-802e-405f-9e7d-4ab48fae5d09">I intended to properly support Yoo-Jin, but I also planned to support Cherry Blossom as well. If possible, I wanted to keep their group intact, as with ten years of experience, I could confidently say that they had the potential to become successful with a little help.</p><p data-uid="b0912331-2ef6-453b-bd62-480341140b84">‘<em>No, I can for sure make them successful. If the company can’t promote them, I’ll step in and do something myself.</em>’</p><p data-uid="fa957198-e9bd-4c4d-8bf5-407f3808e83d">I recalled how Eun-Ah and Sae-Ri from Faithful often expressed regret that their group disbanded in my previous life. Therefore, I was determined to keep their group intact and let them enjoy the glory they deserved.</p><p data-uid="b55d8c32-d975-42b9-9611-06bd636a6be8">“Yikes. I’m running late for the meeting.”</p><p data-uid="628a3d92-c0b9-424b-9c0b-30b05c602279">Lost in thought, I had let time slip away.</p><p data-uid="68471d69-0d10-4f00-b31f-ce75e6040d42" style="text-align: center">***</p><p data-uid="aede56d6-8b4d-40bd-9af4-3c492fe0f326"><em>Ding~.</em></p><p data-uid="9c28ef6c-0712-423e-a195-8825074f5481">-A shark has appeared!</p><p data-uid="30f2bfe6-5064-4ec6-9a2f-2db5d35fc66f">The elevator stopped on the first floor. As the doors were about to close, someone ran from the lobby shouting.</p><p data-uid="cf11fea0-3179-4fe0-887d-70795644ccb7">“W-wait~. Please wait!”</p><p data-uid="5951c4b3-304b-4285-9fe5-a54abe979c08">I pressed the open button and waited for the person to catch up.</p><p data-uid="86364329-37ce-4555-bfb6-54881526cad8">“<em>Huff, huff.</em> Thank you so much…huh? Jung Yoon-Ho?”</p><p data-uid="fb76fe5e-480e-4577-ba7d-4c782e1f5ba5">The man with messy hair and a sly face was Team Lead of Division 3. Since I already had an uncomfortable relationship with Division 3, seeing Kang Myung-Gil made me think I made a mistake.</p><p data-uid="d2e24665-03ea-4c73-9dcf-d0bc76b8cf2b">‘<em>I should have just pressed the close button.</em>’</p><p data-uid="4ba1219a-afdb-409e-bd8c-778be4b3dc26">“Hello, Team Lead Kang.”</p><p data-uid="00ad8a99-d0e3-40c3-99c5-a8575ef2b904">Kang Myung-Gil didn’t even bother to respond and only kept pressing the open button while sticking his head out toward the lobby.</p><p data-uid="5034e42c-30cd-4a85-bb99-04fdb3ce42b8">There was only one person Kang Myung-Gil would frantically wait for like this.</p><p data-uid="7b305254-d7bf-4770-9ec1-8f7f07ae64c9"><em>Click-clack, click-clack.</em></p><p data-uid="aee45792-26a8-4bd1-bad2-a57efa3a18eb">The sound of high heels echoed as Ju Yung-In, my wife from my previous life, approached.</p><hr/><blockquote><b>Translator's Thoughts</b></blockquote>