---
title: "Chapter 154: If You Commit A Sin, You Should Be Punished (4)"
weight: 154
---
<p data-uid="cfec9c21-34ac-4da5-a481-73dcd62db3a8">"Eun-Yung's secret account got exposed on Star Patch!"</p><p data-uid="372c7797-a06c-4d1b-8d4c-b2eca1d54d01">As news of the Golden Road's scandal broke out, murmurs rippled through the chiefs gathered in the conference room.</p><p data-uid="84d4ddbd-a030-4ee5-9407-6034c8892532">Observing the dismay etched on the faces of Lee Gi-Cheol, Kim Dong-Soo, and Cha Sang-Jin, a sweet taste of satisfaction tingled on my palate.</p><p data-uid="9c2f1d00-2b91-4ba2-be86-e82342a00702">'<em>They should have listened when I first warned them. I tried to stop it—if only the ever-so-precious Jang Eun-Yung hadn't messed with Yeon-Hee.</em>'</p><p data-uid="f5c7b567-e46f-4e6f-9d06-8b928e51a2e1">That's when the always-a-step-behind Lee Gi-Cheol raised his voice in the meeting room.</p><p data-uid="f9899bfa-da97-4a7e-a536-eee5f515a67e">"That idiot still didn't delete her account after getting scolded by Assistant Manager Jung yesterday? And Chief Cha! What have you been doing until this happened!? You were supposed to take care of her!"</p><p data-uid="bb6a1675-f6f6-4b8e-90fa-4f6256214ec4">"Uh, well, you see..."</p><p data-uid="41bc3ad2-1321-4c60-97b5-24f605c38594">While Lee Gi-Cheol pressed Cha Sang-Jin, I quickly checked the entertainment news section on the portal. The front page article on Star Patch revealed the contents of Jang Eun-Yung's secret account in explicit detail.</p><p data-uid="2dae540a-490f-4958-bec3-4ad92bbaa6af">[Golden Road's Jang Eun-Yung. Scandalous private life. (by Star Patch)]</p><p data-uid="2bab02a5-f437-4963-a651-a2484caa778b">-Golden Road's leader Jang Eun-Yung is in a relationship with ZIZAK's leader Park Hyun-Woo.</p><p data-uid="093b2981-fca1-4352-a2c7-66d1d4a2700a">-The table of the innocent girl group Golden Road was filled with empty liquor bottles and cigarette butts.</p><p data-uid="db016cf2-e959-4b47-833e-1f4f78d95c8a">-Unmentionable photos found in a secret account of a girl group member...</p><p data-uid="9b46b25d-cffa-462d-9869-8e82a648e788">The article's ranking...</p>