---
title: "Chapter 665: Japan Business Trip (3)"
weight: 665
---
<p data-uid="130b1ea7-daac-44ba-b2ad-e37802d819e7"><span>Suzuki was the head of A1 Entertainment, a subsidiary of Hoop Entertainment, but her real job was managing Choi Eun-Tae's slush fund. In contrast, Choi Man-Sik was busy searching for Choi Eun-Tae's hidden slush fund in Japan, going through Hoop Entertainment's subsidiaries.</span></p><p data-uid="85841244-4a33-4921-abdb-13d6259cea5d"><span>Yet, the two of them seemed way too friendly.</span></p><p data-uid="01f32b0e-e2ab-418e-b322-3d0e07274f1d"><span>'<em>Did she really betray us?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="87cbe227-5525-46fb-88ca-2789b0f1ee92"><span>Their close conversation sparked all kinds of thoughts, but I started thinking rationally. Just because they knew each other didn't prove Suzuki had betrayed us. I hesitated briefly but decided to confront her directly.</span></p><p data-uid="d587e718-5296-4da9-a967-601d48315b01"><span>Then, the manager looked at Suzuki and said, "He's here."</span></p><p data-uid="f6fe624d-5800-466f-bd98-f818f3262ea9"><span>Suzuki turned her head. At the same time, Choi Man-Sik and Tanaka stared at me with expressions like they wanted to rip me apart.</span></p><p data-uid="6e95a010-8ea6-4650-ae89-e256acbccc0a"><span>Ignoring their glares, I greeted Suzuki in slightly awkward Japanese. "Nice to meet you, Mrs. Suzuki Moeka."</span></p><p data-uid="051efebd-84d1-4ce3-bb66-482576ed351b"><span>If she had betrayed me, she would respond with hostility. Otherwise, she would welcome me.</span></p><p data-uid="05f3f9ca-ceab-484d-8036-e854e707cf20"><span>However, instead of either reaction, she asked flatly in Japanese, "Have you eaten yet?"</span></p><p data-uid="49a53680-9a7b-4fbf-b538-356c191f01ab"><span>"No, not yet."</span></p><p data-uid="eb5311d5-b29a-40df-8409-07beb23372cc"><span>She pointed to the seat beside her. "Really? They serve food here, so come sit next to me."</span></p><p data-uid="550f1371-152b-40aa-916b-34419eacdbef"><span>I considered just blending in and observing the situation naturally. Yet, not knowing whether she had betrayed us could lead to bigger problems. So I decided to clarify that first.</span></p><p data-uid="c5546d0e-a921-4863-a356-ac2da482eff4"><span>"Mrs. Suzuki, may I have a moment? Mr. Kang Gam-Chan asked me to pass along a message."</span></p><p data-uid="663b5fc9-5732-493c-9c2a-f7612ac60df8"><span>I used Kang Gam-Chan's name instead of Choi Eun-Tae's, just in case she hadn't betrayed us and I needed to keep Choi Eun-Tae's name hidden.</span></p><p data-uid="2b057690-6559-42fe-981d-edc01418e1c7"><span>I worried she might not follow me out, but fortunately, she...</span></p>