---
title: "Chapter 157: There'S More Than Just Apples In The Apple Orchard (3)"
weight: 157
---
<p data-uid="d0982d18-ce50-45c0-8582-231ef9ccefca">Lee Hyung-Moon couldn't fight back even though he was being whipped by Kim Pan-Seok because he had been taken care of by Kim Pan-Seok, a respected elder in the village.</p><p data-uid="b61c05b0-646c-4a7f-91ae-8b1b47c22c25">I knew that Lee Hyung-Moon worked in Sae-Ri's orchard and lived off his daily wages, but it turned out that his house was also provided by Sae-Ri's grandfather.</p><p data-uid="2fabf6d8-4eb6-4c5f-a39b-5311c50440c8">"You are worse than a beast! I regret giving you this house," reprimanded Kim Pan-Seok.</p><p data-uid="f1884697-96a3-453f-9d37-1054981426af">The furious Kim Pan-Seok quickly regained his strength and lifted his cane again.</p><p data-uid="23ff503a-b773-4a87-81d0-614f2ff920e0">I quickly approached Kim Pan-Seok's side and grabbed the cane. At this moment, whipping and reprimanding Lee Hyung-Moon was less important than recruiting Lee Haru.</p><p data-uid="dec95dcb-9e63-49f7-9feb-239e075925a5">"Hey! What is this nonsense!" Kim Pan-Seok exclaimed.</p><p data-uid="4f35b76b-341d-46e2-b39d-ae188049f62a">"Mr. Kim, please calm down for a moment," I replied.</p><p data-uid="9fe57154-ef40-424f-bcc2-235549352315">"Don't you interfere! I'll take care of Haru and this man will be driven out of the village!" yelled Kim Pan-Seok.</p><p data-uid="2553bf91-2fd6-48eb-9688-c350099504d8">'<em>No. I can't let that happen,</em>' I remarked inwardly.</p><p data-uid="a095c4e0-344d-4a1c-bfdd-5456a49dc820">If Kim Pan-Seok drove Lee Hyung-Moon out of the village as he intended, it could mess up the signing of the contract. Lee Hyung-Moon could claim the contract was void because it was signed by force.</p><p data-uid="1c232958-18f9-415d-87eb-0cce473d6152">For this reason, leaving Lee Hyung-Moon under Kim Pan-Seok's control was a smoother solution rather than kicking him out forever.</p><p data-uid="fed2d2e6-276d-4c2e-bc68-c8f99128a87b">After dissuading him again, Kim Pan-Seok finally put down the cane and grumbled, "<em>Ke hem! </em>I would...</p>