---
title: "Chapter 783: Determination Of Public Offering Price"
weight: 783
---
<p data-uid="3e6d5742-999f-4536-89bb-74b81f2943c9"><span>"The final price is thirty five thousand won! That's five thousand more than our maximum target!"</span></p><p data-uid="96becd7e-5304-44e3-b5b2-b5d52c943f79"><span>Hoop Entertainment had initially hoped for a public offering price between twenty thousand and thirty thousand won. This was what was typically called the 'price band,' and institutional investors who participated in the demand forecasting process placed their bids based on it.</span></p><p data-uid="64661799-4d17-4a2f-bee1-74d031d05434"><span>But when submitting their bids, they weren't required to stay within that band. For popular stocks, fierce competition could drive bids higher than the company's suggested maximum. And in those cases, the final offering price could exceed the original target.</span></p><p data-uid="734eee04-065b-4e55-a583-bc4b8beb31d7"><span>It made sense that desirable products naturally sold at higher prices. Stocks from a booming company were no different.</span></p><p data-uid="ff990b0e-b90a-4714-8762-b2ec2d2134f5"><span>'<em>We did it</em>!'</span></p><p data-uid="dd09ae72-583f-4565-a04a-01ec8c0a6e67"><span>The past month of effort to maintain momentum had paid off. With results like this from the demand forecast, there was a good chance that on the official listing ten days later, the stock might hit its upper limit from the start.</span></p><p data-uid="34f221c7-062c-4c45-bc47-2a191b887fdd"><span>At that moment, a loud exclamation erupted.</span></p><p data-uid="9129e0f4-a797-4f6b-a5d0-2908aea735d3"><span>"<em>Aaaaaah</em>!" Do Ran-Hee, who had been clasping her hands tightly, let out a shriek like a pterodactyl and began hopping in place.</span></p><p data-uid="89f325be-cab7-470e-9839-6a99eb2412f6"><span>"Oh, Lord!" Lee Yung-Jin clasped his hands and stretched both arms toward the ceiling, declaring he had been saved despite having never believed in any god before.</span></p><p data-uid="dce1c46a-93dd-4c4b-8bff-68b81ad5babd"><span>At the same time, the other talent agents of Division Jung in the meeting room burst into cheers of joy. In the case of Division Jung, they had gathered as many employee stock options as possible, meaning they now stood to earn anywhere from fifty million to one hundred million won.</span></p><p data-uid="79840b07-9848-4ef5-961b-2eaa412c2441"><span>"Wow, seriously. I'm so glad I listened to Mr. Jung."</span></p><p data-uid="95281d85-19ce-43f9-8638-b7cf62b879b4"><span>"I...</span></p>