---
title: "Chapter 134: Recruiting Kang Ha-Na (4)"
weight: 134
---
<p data-uid="a336b9ae-9cf6-4a37-a554-bfd24a7e9d76"><span>In the external meeting room of Eyestone Music on the first floor, Yang Eun-Cheol's expression immediately changed as soon as Kang Ha-Na expressed her reluctance to renew the contract with Eyestone.</span></p><p data-uid="2de48e5b-3105-408f-ab8f-b22d15f8a667"><span>"What about </span><em><span>Produce 47</span></em><span> then? This is how you repay us after the company went to great lengths to get you on the show?"</span></p><p data-uid="3074f556-9757-4211-9180-763336184244"><span>Kang Ha-Na replied with a firm expression, "I'll drop out of the show."</span></p><p data-uid="428dc9f0-f2d6-4231-bbe2-46ffd8d5578b"><span>Yang Eun-Cheol burst out in anger. "Hey, Kang Ha-Na! Are you out of your mind? Do you realize what an opportunity you're throwing away?"</span></p><p data-uid="5f2501b3-10cd-4af9-a388-7e53d38685c8"><span>However, Kang Ha-Na didn't even blink. Since Hoop Entertainment had agreed to take her in, she had no reason to fear the company's tyranny anymore.</span></p><p data-uid="d9fb38bc-116c-41fe-bddc-8c8e18a9c55f"><span>"You know as well as I do that I have no chance of making it into the debut group anyway."</span></p><p data-uid="9f05c87b-53f0-495d-b6e2-6baf01f2ad38"><span>"Who, who said that?"</span></p><p data-uid="cd5d3af3-a082-4d42-86da-3f6d6a87b1b9"><span>Kang Ha-Na sighed. "Mr. Yang. Everyone at the company knows I'm just a stepping stone for Ye-Seul and So-Yung. You've always turned a blind eye to how badly they treat me."</span></p><p data-uid="2cb340a6-f7f1-49f1-87d6-2c447899f3a7"><span>Yang Eun-Cheol scratched his head. It seemed he was at a loss for words with Kang Ha-Na's direct confrontation.</span></p><p data-uid="8efe2afb-9afe-4563-a885-08f3a9eba397"><span>"N-no. That's a misunderstanding. It's not like that..."</span></p><p data-uid="36556fb3-5a40-484f-aabf-38648cf6684b"><span>"Mr. Yang, I've done all I can. I don't want to be tortured with false hope anymore when I know I won't debut. So please let me go."</span></p><p data-uid="984e277e-490c-4481-8e1d-6d219c6a693b"><span>Yang Eun-Cheol frowned upon Kang Ha-Na's plea. "Why not switch to trot music even now? The directors said they would release an album for you...</span></p>