---
title: "Chapter 841: How To Handle Assault (3)"
weight: 841
---
<p data-uid="a2a65e4a-eb1b-4ed5-9988-264bdfd259ea"><span><span>Baek Hong-Gyun received only basic treatment at the company before heading down to the underground parking lot. Even on the way down in the elevator, his cheekbone, where&nbsp; President Kim Tae-Kwon had struck, still throbbed.</span></span></p><p data-uid="42537d3c-173b-4918-a2b5-480bd7ed05f8"><span><span>"</span><em><span>Ugh</span></em><span>, damn it. That brute. How can he hit an actor in the face?</span><em><span> Argh</span></em><span>!"</span></span></p><p data-uid="42d7118b-1bd7-4e20-bb9e-6cdc9ec17733"><span><span>He felt humiliated and wronged. But with Kim Tae-Kwon being a former gangster still closely tied to organized crime, there was no way he could even think about suing him. If he went so far as to hire a lawyer and press charges, he wouldn't be worrying about his career in entertainment, but he would be fearing for his life.</span></span></p><p data-uid="e1523e75-c27f-4855-b358-aebdebe9ee73"><span><span>"Shit! It hurts like hell! What if it leaves a scar?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="acb2ca5a-1cda-4142-aea6-dae715f10f33"><span><span>He wanted to go to a hospital right away, but the media was already all over him for assaulting his talent agent, and he couldn't risk being seen. In the end, the only place left for Baek Hong-Gyun to go was home.</span></span></p><p data-uid="9c8ae423-5937-4580-8519-0f3fca7a603c"><span><em><span>Beep.</span></em></span></p><p data-uid="0cb849e3-fb20-4762-af78-ff25971251e1"><span><span>He opened the door to his Binz and got into the driver's seat. That's when Kim Tae-Kwon's words from earlier flashed back.</span></span></p><p data-uid="7e35c2b1-280d-49a5-9375-ca3e696345ce"><span><span>-Stay home for the time being. Lay low. Politicians are using your name to stir the press, so don't even think about pushing back. It's going to take a long time to bury this, and of course, the cost of that will be deducted from your settlement. Just so you know!</span></span></p><p data-uid="174f1c8a-bea1-498d-b9f2-fdda528ecb50"><span><span>Out of the twelve companies Baek Hong-Gyun had been signed on to do commercials for, six had already inquired about canceling. And the rest could pull out any minute.</span></span></p><p data-uid="50f49062-3f0e-4df4-a61b-5b692f5ba84c"><span><span>"Canceling over a little scuffle with a talent agent? What the hell is wrong with this world?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="828557b8-662f-4c4d-b0fa-82169260cb14"><span><span>Grumbling to himself, Baek Hong-Gyun remembered what...</span></span></p>