---
title: "Chapter 398: Han Hyun-Ho (5)"
weight: 398
---
<p data-uid="ed678f63-0535-44b6-be7c-c81a83206b97"><span>After Yoon Myung-Hee was admitted to the hospital yesterday, Seo Jae-Ill immediately applied for an emergency arrest warrant from the court.</span></p><p data-uid="64cd73a9-1357-4aae-a69d-aadabe74ca06"><span>This was triggered by Han Hyun-Ho's incessant barrage of threatening texts and calls, demanding to know where she was.</span></p><p data-uid="a5baa8bf-8dcf-438f-8577-2e10fe372bad"><span>As a result, a senior officer with a short buzz cut and a younger officer arrived at the meeting room with a warrant in hand.</span></p><p data-uid="deef974a-b2ce-4ca6-91df-8421297804de"><span>The senior officer, a large man with a commanding presence, confirmed Han Hyun-Ho's identity before presenting the warrant.</span></p><p data-uid="30672b6b-1cae-4541-8b9a-85c844e95aa0"><span>The officer listed the charges written on the warrant, "Mr. Han Hyun-Ho. You are under arrest for assault, battery, and unlawful confinement against Ms. Yoon Myung-Hee…"</span></p><p data-uid="a4ad349e-f8d1-4a17-b0ae-4d699c8f985c"><span>Then, he continued with the Miranda warning. "You have the right to remain silent. You have the right to an attorney…"</span></p><p data-uid="026d3c19-73ae-4e42-a127-b41a127934dd"><span>Han Hyun-Ho shouted angrily, "Are you saying Myung-Hee reported me? That girl would do anything I say and even pretend to die if I told her to. Don't spout nonsense! Who put her up to this?"</span></p><p data-uid="d596e1ea-ad9f-4a96-ba42-6d45fef12062"><span>The senior officer narrowed his eyes and glared at Han Hyun-Ho. "Come quietly. There are plenty of people watching."</span></p><p data-uid="e2187228-f4f5-41bc-87cd-b5bea67ac477"><span>"Go quietly? Like hell I will, you bastards! I'm not going anywhere!" Han Hyun-Ho cursed. Having been pampered as a celebrity, Han Hyun-Ho refused to comply with the officers' instructions.</span></p><p data-uid="da1fc84c-6545-43d1-bd5f-98c4ac943b3b"><span>The senior officer shook his head and turned to the younger officer. "Take him in."</span></p><p data-uid="1b33da32-9b12-4ac0-82ff-345a1e995265"><span>"Yes, sir."</span></p><p data-uid="eb81fcf7-e689-439c-8c26-9297a109a3c7"><span>The younger officer approached Han Hyun-Ho and tried to avoid escalating the situation in front of the onlookers by not immediately pulling out handcuffs. Instead, he stood beside Han Hyun-Ho and locked arms.</span></p><p data-uid="d9ac7ac2-18f0-4135-bf76-22518cf65303"><span>However, Han Hyun-Ho resisted violently. "Let go of me! I...</span></p>