---
title: "Chapter 98: Storm (1)"
weight: 98
---
<p data-uid="a6c56abd-fcdc-4937-94da-4b4dbaf729aa">[Everyday V10]</p><p data-uid="659cfd59-3ca0-4bab-835e-6cfc37628370">[Date: April 12th, 2020]</p><p data-uid="c4b6b351-28d6-4b1c-b739-f2c07988409a">-01:00 PM Meeting between Lee Tae-Poong and Daechon Inc.'s Vice President Kim Ae-Ja at Lee Tae-Poong’s house</p><p data-uid="626c0ebe-d02a-4005-803a-e8fcea1b4861">On this day in my past life, I arranged a meeting between Lee Tae-Poong and Daechun Inc.'s vice president, Kim Ae-Ja, as instructed by Kim Dong-Soo.</p><p data-uid="68a11264-9623-47ec-a823-201a3a7cabbd">However, this proposal would eventually turn Lee Tae-Poong's acting career into a mess because Kim Ae-Ja intended to become his sole sponsor.</p><p data-uid="3786465e-a986-4a0a-9eaf-da5b9a26f73c">Even though Lee Tae-Poong would later overcome dyslexia and become independent as an actor, he would already be under Kim Ae-Ja's sponsorship by then. He would be in a situation where he had to drop whatever he was doing and rush to Kim Ae-Ja whenever she called him over.</p><p data-uid="877eabb5-4c9d-4535-8ebe-f9b59f958c38">As a result, people in the entertainment industry who heard the rumors through the grapevine would belittle and criticize Lee Tae-Poong's success, attributing it all to Kim Ae-Ja's support.</p><p data-uid="6494af90-5902-4f8b-bdc7-d09c59219781">I clearly remembered how frustrated Lee Tae-Poong was because his efforts were never acknowledged no matter how hard he tried.</p><p data-uid="b79d2a5a-2f5f-4489-a3c0-b09ffb660a2f">I absolutely had no intention of sitting back and letting such a thing happen again in this life.</p><p data-uid="1643e1d8-3d03-4b3e-b2d0-2b1f57cc367a">"<em>Sigh.</em> Why is the traffic so jammed?"</p><p data-uid="85336d23-4515-45e4-9263-8317d66a75ff">The road to Lee Tae-Poong's house was as congested as a parking lot.</p><p data-uid="1522d5db-def1-4dab-bce0-0a5ddb442033"><em>‘If only I had a private helicopter.’</em></p><p data-uid="31e69e16-0346-46bc-b3ea-caeee6e6630b">Since the event hadn't been canceled in my planner yet, I...</p>