---
title: "Chapter 47: Golden Road And Park Eun-Bin (3)"
weight: 47
---
<p data-uid="9c0e05f1-057d-4f33-8cf0-377642989500">Cha Tae-Hee's face turned red, resembling the Rākshasas<span class="footnote-ref" id="footnote-ref-ca8b"><a href="#footnote-ca8b">[1]</a></span> after seeing Park Eun-Bin and Jang Eun-Yung fighting.</p><p data-uid="aaec4b9a-e8ad-480f-b319-de85ff6ef70e">"I was wondering what you were all up to, not showing up backstage…And this was what you were doing?”</p><p data-uid="aac0e51b-2cb5-4c3f-ab67-6e858c2f9cb4">Coldness seeped through Cha Tae-Hee's voice.</p><p data-uid="109be6dc-a429-4b09-9e47-58930010f9cc">Lee Ju-Yung and I bowed deeply to apologize. "I'm sorry."</p><p data-uid="cd218ce3-52c1-4ef3-adb1-055a95327efc">"We apologize."</p><p data-uid="a5e33b61-b597-4d72-925a-ae01135b82d4">Park Eun-Bin and Jang Eun-Yung also reluctantly bowed their heads in succession. But their disgruntled expressions remained even with their heads bowed. They didn’t seem the least bit sorry at all.</p><p data-uid="197a91e0-af8b-4637-abad-d758ac044bb7">Cha Tae-Hee's bellow echoed through the corridor, akin to a resounding five-octave G note. "Forget it. Summon the chiefs from TK Entertainment and Hoop Entertainment to the broadcast van now!"</p><p data-uid="2797c090-96d4-478a-a0ca-fca20d4e00a6">"Ah, no, Ms. Cha! Please let me explain about what happened..."</p><p data-uid="4bb440b1-300d-4d88-a753-565d88fce637">Sung Ji-Hyuk rushed to intervene, but Cha Tae-Hee turned away, expressing her reluctance to engage in any further conversation.</p><p data-uid="eac54306-044b-41e4-9884-7b520339626f">"Ah, seriously. We are fucked," uttered Sung Ji-Hyuk, as his face turned pale.</p><p data-uid="f1dd4388-4ac3-4ac4-b235-81acdbdd12b7">However, Park Eun-Bin simply snorted and wandered off nonchalantly, as if the situation was not her problem.</p><p data-uid="c2fa69f0-7ca3-4c72-993b-1da7009d73a8"><em>‘What a bitch. How can she act so nonchalant when this is her fault?’</em></p><p data-uid="373e6a27-cfb6-4345-9a9e-55e58d5f0257">However, Jang Eun-Yung was no different.</p><p data-uid="e4743268-a87d-481a-9721-c25c7b0addb1"><em>‘Jeez. Both of them are ridiculous. They started this mess, and yet they are just going to leave...</em></p>