---
title: "Chapter 123: Lee Tae-Poong'S Audition (3)"
weight: 123
---
<p data-uid="75837306-b49c-4f4c-8aae-69c1e2919566">As soon as Cha Tae-Hoon began acting, he transformed into a completely different person, proving that it was no fluke that he bagged the Best Actor award last year.</p><p data-uid="cb582e84-c9a4-437f-89ce-ec37b35ac4fa">Cha Tae-Hoon's eyes suddenly filled up with murderous intent as he quickly raised both hands. "I'm sorry, comrade. But this is as far as we go."</p><p data-uid="42e5a757-cf81-4aaa-9425-afe449105466">He shot a sharp glare as if Park Gyeok-Hun, the superior he was supposed to kill, was right in front of him.</p><p data-uid="a2ecb18e-201c-4511-8954-34dd879f5ddd"><em>Swoosh!</em></p><p data-uid="281811a7-ffab-4b8d-86e6-6cc1b80d7f02">He gripped the electric wires he had prepared in advance tightly in both hands, acting out scene 17 where Choi In-Sol strangled Colonel Park Gyeok-Hun.</p><p data-uid="dd0d272f-9b64-4897-9ddf-3b0afbf59b51">Cha Tae-Hoon's hands had turned bright red from the force he had exerted and he wore a chilling expression on his face accompanied with bloodshot eyes.</p><p data-uid="ed343022-8b0c-4b6d-9ddc-9910b203e64c">On his knees, Cha Tae-Hoon tightly clenched his teeth and slowly released his hands as if confirming that he had completely cut off his opponent's breath.</p><p data-uid="f3f9ac92-4b61-4ac8-a6ae-5e69580d5efc">"Shit. This feels disgusting."</p><p data-uid="1f269509-6a3c-4df6-9ea4-f5e38e8f4450"><em>Bang!</em></p><p data-uid="19ea65e6-cb94-4585-9ef2-57885b1e1e3d">Cha Tae-Hoon harshly stomped on the floor, spat, and then sprawled out on the ground.</p><p data-uid="e442083d-24a1-4856-ad36-50fc806c214d">There was a sense of 'That's Cha Tae-Hoon for you' in the eyes of the five judges sitting in the panel.</p><p data-uid="26fe3f57-4f55-4427-bfd9-3396b28b6af6">"Okay!"</p><p data-uid="a920a084-9af7-4320-882b-2ddccaab0344">Cha Tae-Hoon dusted himself off and got up from his spot at Choi Sung-Moon's okay sign.</p><p data-uid="de939d39-1b6e-4680-b7bc-d1a78b690aad">Although there were a few requests for more performances afterward, Cha Tae-Hoon met Choi Sung-Moon's demands without any trouble. It was truly befitting of a Best Actor award winner.</p><p data-uid="a8f1f34e-827b-41dd-8ef6-2dd8f093018c">Choi Sung-Moon announced...</p>