---
title: "Chapter 198: Haru Vs Woo Sung-Chan (3)"
weight: 198
---
<p data-uid="e89f7810-df70-4250-b513-4c19220668ec"><em><span>Sizzle!</span></em></p><p data-uid="3ba04a47-fa55-4c0d-9911-7999e2e29d50"><span>As Haru's hair came into contact with the cigarette that Woo Sung-Chan had pushed forward, acrid smoke billowed up.</span></p><p data-uid="6221e609-666b-450b-a571-9c742360052c"><span>The distance between the red cigarette ember and Haru's cheek was merely about 2 cm, close enough to cause a burn if Woo Sung-Chan intended.</span></p><p data-uid="f90312c0-c398-43ab-a9e8-d1cee8f8f1f8"><span>Haru's voice began to tremble. "H-hyung... please don't do this."</span></p><p data-uid="6d9f599d-7fb6-4385-965a-41bb88dff6e4"><span>Woo Sung-Chan cursed. "Shut the fuck up. That's why you need to make good decisions! You've got to protect this pretty face first, right?"</span></p><p data-uid="f3e4aa88-6f70-48fe-8d5f-b76441a747f1"><span>Haru struggled with all his might to move away from the glowing cigarette ember. However, he couldn't move at all because Woo Sung-Chan gripped his collar even tighter than before.</span></p><p data-uid="6586b6fe-076a-4097-ac6d-f3ee1b3299d7"><span>"</span><em><span>Ugh!" </span></em><span>Haru groaned as he continued to struggle.</span></p><p data-uid="3dfff773-d67b-4f3b-b494-a0df365e7dca"><span>"You bastard. Where do you think you're going? You need to answer me before you leave. Are you going to audition or not?"</span></p><p data-uid="d0ff472d-5dac-4a2f-8e46-13ffa4cd67ed"><span>Feeling terrified, Haru was about to scream. But he was afraid to scream recklessly as he did not know how Woo Sung-Chan’s anger might unleash itself.</span></p><p data-uid="0f86b62d-c843-48d0-b4d1-bb9ea6750ba3"><span>‘</span><em><span>Yoon-Ho… hyung.</span></em><span>’ Haru thought of Jung Yoon-Ho without realizing it.</span></p><p data-uid="f2c61da7-0e5a-47b4-9095-6e8063bab026"><span>At that moment, tears welled up in Haru's eyes. He thought he wouldn't have to experience such things anymore after leaving his father and entering the entertainment industry. But he realized that the world was the same everywhere.</span></p><p data-uid="f97239b4-9e90-4033-ac8a-07dddc422500"><span>That's when Haru hardened his resolve.</span></p><p data-uid="d95a4efc-c5bd-47ec-8e0b-0fa1065c0294"><span>Even if such situations repeated, he decided not to be crushed. Just as Jung Yoon-Ho...</span></p>