---
title: "Chapter 528: Tectonic Shift (3)"
weight: 528
---
<p data-uid="a5efbf03-e571-4995-8b79-9325b4c0904c"><span>Ahn Seok-Chun picked up the hwatu cards on the table and started his psychological warfare.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="3e8c4086-1543-4a71-80ac-ffce388270c1"><span>"The current value of Ace Entertainment shares is around thirty billion won. But all you have in front of you is five billion, plus the three billion you brought today. How are you going to make up for the shortfall? Should I lend you some? I'll give you a good interest rate."</span></p><p data-uid="81e6e200-5dbf-4d57-a26c-f0a1833a4567"><span>I scoffed. "Since I accepted the challenge, you must be mistaken. Should we just call it quits here?"</span></p><p data-uid="7a318e5a-e588-401f-a858-b8f54a98da46"><span>In gambling or any game, the stakes weren't always equal for everyone. As long as the opponent accepted, that's all that mattered. I told Ahn Seok-Chun that if he kept playing mind games like this, I would just flip the table and walk away, shares or not.</span></p><p data-uid="0ff69904-4e9e-4d24-a7f2-686598968226"><span>He hesitated for a moment, but he wanted to crush me even more than I wanted his shares. "Look at this guy. The way you talk... Did you learn gambling with your mouth? Fine, kid. And we'll shuffle the deck each round."</span></p><p data-uid="fa1d66c8-9182-4f95-b7e2-eeb049645b30"><span>"Sure thing."</span></p><p data-uid="c801656e-6dec-49eb-9ee4-c46dca21cd86"><span>With an expression that screamed you're done for, Ahn Seok-Chun rolled up his dress shirt sleeves to his elbows to show that he wasn't hiding any cards. However, tricks like bottom dealing or card switching were always possible. Sometimes, hands were faster than eyes.</span></p><p data-uid="c1f7da56-2061-4f2b-8225-c4b8b0bcf06f"><span>"I'm shuffling, so roll up your sleeves too."</span></p><p data-uid="6c4a49f8-07af-4e8c-ab7b-c0d2a6b63187"><span>I copied him, rolling my sleeves up to my elbows. "Got it."</span></p><p data-uid="36449d23-006b-4f57-b363-d3c4ec994ba1"><span><em>Shuffle shuffle shuffle.</em></span></p><p data-uid="83c8b8e8-fea5-4139-b862-ed3b29eeea00"><span>The...</span></p>