---
title: "Chapter 766: To Hollywood? (2)"
weight: 766
---
<p data-uid="b2e73cde-0536-491f-9762-b4c26e532cb6"><span>As soon as Shin Jong-Ki declared he was pulling out his investment, the pupils of Jeon Soo-Do and his sister, Jeon Soo-Jung, trembled in shock. It was because the person who had wholeheartedly supported them had now chosen a talent agent over the directors.</span></p><p data-uid="44ee0619-1450-4af9-8f6d-d1da3307bfac"><span>"Mr. Shin, what did you just say? You're pulling the investment?"</span></p><p data-uid="156b0fca-5017-42ce-89cf-4653190629ba"><span>"Are you serious about that?"</span></p><p data-uid="e09f5605-7c54-49a0-9293-868c723f670a"><span>Shin Jong-Ki nodded. "Yeah. Didn't you hear the company already laid out firm conditions for Jung Yoo-Jin? Why go to her directly? What do you plan to do, drag someone back who already said no and force her to act? And if Chief Jung says no, Jung Yoo-Jin will likely quit her current film, too."</span></p><p data-uid="1141257c-9996-4278-a3db-a019062e9441"><span>Jeon Soo-Do held back his anger and asked, "So what you're saying is, you're taking the talent agent's word over us directors?"</span></p><p data-uid="78cf5381-f2d5-4583-84f0-f2203f011ac5"><span>Shin Jong-Ki gave him a look as if the answer should have been obvious.</span></p><p data-uid="58d8d1f4-41f4-4f17-b638-7d9f8e513e58"><span>Jeon Soo-Jung asked again, utterly dumbfounded. "Sir, maybe I'm not understanding something here. Are you seriously canceling your investment over a talent agent and some second-rate actress? Really?"</span></p><p data-uid="9078444a-c58e-4bdb-8e0f-6e63da024126"><span>"Your wording's a bit off. Jung Yoo-Jin isn't just some second-rate actress. She's the best in Korea. And Chief Jung isn't just any agent either—he's got the best script instincts in the industry. If those two won't pick your script, then I'm not investing in this project either."</span></p><p data-uid="6fc79155-07d8-4dd2-aecb-bb32601fe0da"><span>Jeon Soo-Do's face flushed red as he asked, "Then what were all those compliments about the script for? Huh? Were you just trying to flatter us?"</span></p><p data-uid="312fe8e8-b0d6-4296-b1f8-2a10f40ad4a3"><span>"No. If I didn't mean it, I wouldn't have even come here. But just because a script is good doesn't mean it's guaranteed to sell, right?"</span></p><p data-uid="ff0ca246-bb47-4784-9eb1-9bc2028c395e"><span>"If you're so obsessed with money, why did you support us until now?...</span></p>