---
title: "Chapter 341: Cha Do-Hee (3)"
weight: 341
---
<p data-uid="740c3b6c-7508-486e-8969-0a09c0e4acea"><span>In some cases, small agencies, struggling financially and often burdened by chronic deficits, would eagerly include the daughter of a wealthy family in their debut lineup when she brought in money, hoping to become an idol.</span></p><p data-uid="52f2c4ca-a3eb-4b5d-8223-55279f94e684"><span>In return, the wealthy family funded album production, outfits, operational costs, and music videos. So everyone from the president to the talent agents treated her like a princess.</span></p><p data-uid="a4a5efa6-dff7-4c44-bb19-d20d15f24a5a"><span>However, it was impossible that Ace Entertainment, the top company in the industry, had a shortage of production funds.</span></p><p data-uid="68b0426f-e3ca-445e-a490-a1ad8f89e30a"><span>This meant there could only be one reason.</span></p><p data-uid="0b6c809b-0380-4f3f-a697-8c842e4988a9"><span>Since entertainment companies were being criticized for their shady financial dealings with the ruling party leader, they needed the protection of Assemblyman Cha Sang-Tae.</span></p><p data-uid="ba3ba5a4-6ef1-4ba6-b74f-999a111fdd60"><span>That's why Im Sung-Hak was casually accepting something that usually only happened at small agencies.</span></p><p data-uid="028b1a3a-76ed-4f06-b842-04aa104f70a7"><span>It was absurd, but not entirely incomprehensible.</span></p><p data-uid="670091a3-896a-4727-a2d1-bb7b7c03c68f"><span>Even during my time at Top Entertainment in my past life, Kim Dong-Soo often resolved situations that were way over his head by relying on politicians.</span></p><p data-uid="43a15732-1a19-4252-9dea-c94a437b908c"><span>'</span><em><span>So the one in control here is Cha Do-Hee,' </span></em><span>I thought.</span></p><p data-uid="7d5294cd-6297-4675-937a-c2a3080a241e"><span>I immediately turned my gaze to the sixteen-year-old Cha Do-Hee.</span></p><p data-uid="313961ec-2fed-4524-bd7b-83f21e6e24b8"><span>Cha Do-Hee blinked her large eyes and asked, "Talent agent oppa, did you come all the way here to ask us to take the article down?"</span></p><p data-uid="3fcec533-9233-48e8-851b-3184369b1087"><span>"Yes, that's correct," I responded firmly and politely.</span></p><p data-uid="820fe815-ed30-4538-9220-a3d87b555481"><span>Cha Do-Hee pouted and began to complain. "But why are you talking so harshly? I just answered what the reporter asked me…"</span></p><p data-uid="cccf7b1b-0ae0-480a-820b-81ec7aaedfa5"><span>"How did you do the interview...</span></p>