---
title: "Chapter 438: Ahn Jung-Hae (3)"
weight: 438
---
<p data-uid="3c86aebc-7896-4494-8471-19d2fe3286e0"><span>Lee Tae-Yeon's sharp voice laced with thorns echoed through the space. "Mr. Ahn, what do you think you're doing right now?"</span></p><p data-uid="a859bd15-0a07-4d58-8c77-f0e00c882e0b"><span>Ahn Jung-Hae looked at me with an expression like that of a frightened puppy. Though he had expressed his desire to cast Miso, being caught in the act by Lee Tae-Yeon clearly rattled him.</span></p><p data-uid="2d4b4a92-da10-452f-b102-3e525d691cb5"><span>I quickly stepped in front of Ahn Jung-Hae to shield him. "What do you mean? Mr. Ahn said he wants Miso as the child actor for his next project."</span></p><p data-uid="bb91f6a7-a955-480b-90a3-25f9855a95f2"><span>Lee Tae-Yeon glared at me and raised her voice. "Team Lead Jung, do you not realize that the rights to Director Ahn's next project are in my hands? Don't interfere when you don't understand the situation!"</span></p><p data-uid="0a85d34b-4dbd-405e-90f7-97a6ee14ebb8"><span>"Actually, I do want to discuss that matter. You own the film rights to the script, correct?"</span></p><p data-uid="760cf7d7-37c9-4029-8f71-d04957c45c3d"><span>"That's right. I own the rights."</span></p><p data-uid="2eeeb9c8-977d-4956-8bf0-c6288f4b8de0"><span>"Then sell them to me."</span></p><p data-uid="87e468a8-02c9-4e48-a733-392c7f5248b1"><span>Lee Tae-Yeon looked at me incredulously as if questioning what game I was playing. "What for? Are you planning to invest in Director Ahn's project or something?"</span></p><p data-uid="1a310080-2cea-47cf-a732-3d617062b742"><span>"Yes."</span></p><p data-uid="20dbb3bb-0748-41f4-8ce3-513055a8e460"><span>Lee Tae-Yeon shot a piercing glare at Ahn Jung-Hae. "I asked you to watch Yi-Ji's performance, and in the meantime, you've been making such bold moves? Mr. Ahn?"</span></p><p data-uid="1a8aea3a-e00d-4233-991d-e821d257a902"><span>The flustered Ahn Jung-Hae stammered, "Well, uh..."</span></p><p data-uid="7458c068-e8a9-43a5-b81a-8f6a535ba2e2"><span>Although we had discussed the possibility of an investment, no formal agreement or documentation existed.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="5252d623-df64-4c63-a718-b6e81038b118"><span>Fearing Ahn Jung-Hae might retract his earlier stance under pressure,...</span></p>