---
title: "Chapter 266: Into The Storm (4)"
weight: 266
---
<p data-uid="44f0ffb3-4707-48ff-8722-1981effc2456"><span>Two days after meeting with Kim Ae-Ryeon, I received a word from Choi So-Hye that the article would be published the next day.</span></p><p data-uid="f23a9513-9212-4313-bbdb-bb4f1f6e22af"><span>Today was the day of the wrap party for </span><em><span>Beyond the Boundary</span></em><span>, held at TongTong DoyaJi, a charcoal-grilled pork belly restaurant near the set. We rented out the entire venue, which could accommodate 200 people, and it was completely packed with actors, crew members, and staff.</span></p><p data-uid="ad1c1223-b518-44b5-8d5d-37249484f0aa"><span>Since the party was hosted by Hoop Entertainment, cheers erupted from everywhere when Lee Tae-Poong, Lee Dae-Ho, and I entered the restaurant.</span></p><p data-uid="9d38cdbd-2be4-42ff-8abf-76bf2e08183a"><span>"Tae-Poong, thank you for the meal!"</span></p><p data-uid="6519068f-f4b9-494f-8b6b-f7ddc42482da"><span>"Thanks for today, Team Lead Jung!"</span></p><p data-uid="5eeafeb7-696e-4f33-b554-b72ba29028e0"><span>"Tae-Poong! Come over here! Come have a drink with me!"</span></p><p data-uid="4843cf3d-0175-472d-b3e3-0b3e1a73c40f"><span>Although Lee Tae-Poong wasn't properly regarded as the main lead at the start, no one doubted now that he was indeed a true actor.</span></p><p data-uid="677a83ba-1282-49ce-8dc1-23f39ebcfc12"><span>I took a seat at an empty table while watching Lee Tae-Poong mingle with people with a bright smile.</span></p><p data-uid="8a07fafe-57d3-4cba-9ef0-989623650378"><span>At that moment, Choi Sung-Moon gestured for me to come over to his table. "Team Lead Jung, come over here for a second."</span></p><p data-uid="70249989-fb35-48f1-ab65-6df71b0cf4ea"><span>As I went over wondering what was up, he immediately grabbed my hand and gently patted it. "I heard the promotional budget increased significantly thanks to you. Sorry for the late thanks."</span></p><p data-uid="b3a722d1-7fea-4ed3-af24-2d2d3e81f281"><span>Watching Pyo Eun-Mi sitting beside Choi Sung-Moon wink at me, I figured she must have told him what happened when we visited the distributor.</span></p><p data-uid="9e82133b-ba38-4ae0-ba28-00dcfdf3b162"><span>Choi Sung-Moon continued to praise me before lowering his voice. "To be honest with you, I was a little bit skeptical when I first saw Tae-Poong at the audition."</span></p><p data-uid="10ef22f8-e9ea-433a-9f68-be24ed54f421"><span>"But you chose Tae-Poong in the end, didn't you?" I replied with a smile.</span></p><p data-uid="e879256c-ecc7-4463-893c-dee3ecdb85cf"><span>Choi...</span></p>