---
title: "Chapter 605: Vvip Fashion Show (1)"
weight: 605
---
<p data-uid="f389b24e-b6c2-4d9b-b027-7f1adcb8b1aa"><span>The electronic document Seo Yoon-Ji showed me on the tablet contained details about providing me with a massive amount of financial support.</span></p><p data-uid="2174fe27-539c-413e-8d8a-31aa9421a99b"><span>[Sponsorship Agreement]</span></p><p data-uid="8118a2ad-c64d-4abc-8f3d-3badca9d9e44"><span>-Yeon Hwa-Seon will sponsor the tentatively named 'Global Idol Girl Group' that Seo Hee-Joo will be part of.</span></p><p data-uid="8469261f-0f36-4213-abf8-dafeeeabf47c"><span>-The sponsorship amount is set at a maximum of five billion won over three years, but may increase through separate agreements.</span></p><p data-uid="9b7b5d54-9af1-409e-9f80-26f4edb37085"><span>-All decisions regarding the use of sponsorship funds are delegated to 'Jung Yoon-Ho of Hoop Entertainment.'</span></p><p data-uid="3954c999-61ca-4851-a049-dbb556524918"><span>…</span></p><p data-uid="54d9259a-6086-4a32-80e0-dabc79591d94"><span>Not only was Yeon Hwa-Seon Seo Hee-Joo's mother and a National Intangible Cultural Heritage holder in Korean dance, but she was also a wealthy woman who owned land and large buildings in Gangnam. And she was currently offering to sponsor the group her daughter would be in.</span></p><p data-uid="2ff57e10-fabd-406b-b19d-a16714b0c4bc"><span>I now had another powerful supporter besides Wang Long.</span></p><p data-uid="56152860-f77d-44dc-8fad-ab8283e68f34"><span>However, receiving sponsorship not from the company but from a celebrity's parents could cause issues down the line. For instance, they might later demand her daughter be the center or appear more frequently on shows because they had sponsored the group.</span></p><p data-uid="83c6c454-395d-4d6d-8f8f-1461611e7a29"><span>Given Yeon Hwa-Seon's personality, that seemed unlikely. But since it could still create misunderstandings with future new members, I had no choice but to decline.</span></p><p data-uid="00780237-9267-4b20-89cb-a67d7ebc96e7"><span>"I'm sorry. I truly appreciate the offer, but I don't think we'll need the additional funding."</span></p><p data-uid="a86f97ec-43da-4fe4-a6e7-8406ea55399a"><span>Seo Yoon-Ji smiled gently. "If you're worried she might interfere, please check the last clause here."</span></p><p data-uid="1a3e63b0-b8b4-4492-a0c0-8c87b2c53f1f"><span>Seo Yoon-Ji pointed to the very bottom of the digital contract on the tablet.</span></p><p data-uid="47ae435b-734c-49e8-a93b-43919914fc5a"><span>It read: <em>Even if Seo Hee-Joo is unable to attend performances...</em></span></p>