---
title: "Chapter 597: Moral Laws In Family Relationships (2)"
weight: 597
---
<p data-uid="f8badcda-a9bf-426b-a7fa-7377560bbbd4"><span>"Can family ties really be cut off and reattached at your whim, father?"</span></p><p data-uid="4eed0fd9-5d1e-43e4-b4dd-cfc6e24decd0"><span>Han Joon-Tae, Han Yoo-Sik's eldest son and a successful plastic surgeon in Gangnam, said with a sneer. He had become the head of a famous plastic surgery clinic and a building owner in Gangnam at the young age of 36 solely thanks to his parents' devoted support.</span></p><p data-uid="72c8e738-57ff-4c28-922e-d3c3989f07cb"><span>After receiving all that support, he turned his back on them in their time of need, and now that Mirinae was recovering, he shamelessly showed up pretending to care.</span></p><p data-uid="947c5316-31d9-44f2-8960-4270528fd757"><span>Han Yoo-Sik and Lee Ah-Eun's faces hardened like stone at their eldest son's disrespectful attitude.</span></p><p data-uid="dec47a8c-b188-4ee2-aa26-c57af93bc6d5"><span>Then the second child, Han Joon-Hee, spoke. "Mom, I couldn't help last time because my finances were a mess, but it wasn't my intention to not help. Isn't it too much to say that's why we're cutting ties? Don't you think so?"</span></p><p data-uid="d761cd83-0e9f-4043-b267-ee7217a72749"><span>Lastly, the youngest, Han Joon-Sik, also started making excuses. "Now that I have my own family, it's been hard to move money around, that's all. I didn't do it on purpose. And really, I thought Mom might have kept a piece of land from her side of the family."</span></p><p data-uid="573d8bdf-5cb2-486f-a02f-1860d89570fa"><span>With every word from their children, Han Yoo-Sik and Lee Ah-Eun's expressions grew more strained. They had given endlessly for their children, yet all they received in return were thoughtless words.</span></p><p data-uid="79621aef-79be-4377-a865-4808c6379043"><span>I didn't have parents, so I didn't fully understand the parent-child bond. But even I could see that those words were nothing less than a betrayal of their blood bond, rubbing salt into wounds and digging into them with finge...</span></p>