---
title: "Chapter 116 Winter After Spring? (5)"
weight: 116
---
<p data-uid="f8fd382a-c4f3-4a8e-8fac-437e6c7ac69c">"Do you know what audio splicing is?"</p><p data-uid="33860ca2-f73d-4cd2-9afe-5fea6d7de1b8">-Huh? Audio splicing?</p><p data-uid="e7b8a058-ae6c-465f-857b-67fbf1672248">In five years, Cheon Yi-Sang would use this method to bring down a top star named Lee Ye-Sol with whom he had a conflict. It was to reprimand her for not renewing the contract with the company and immediately trying to sign with another company as an independent artist.</p><p data-uid="5967b331-bfcb-4778-9392-cf2b800cef13">Of course, the situation back then was far more serious because the audio file released had contained sensational content that suggested Lee Ye-Sol was doing drugs and mingling inappropriately with men.</p><p data-uid="ae71a1c4-4734-4530-96ba-5b6398d9df33">To make things worse, Cheon Yi-Sang had bribed her talent agent to further testify that he had directly witnessed Lee Ye-Sol's crimes. As a result, Lee Ye-Sol, whose image had hit rock bottom, had no choice but to retire from the entertainment industry.</p><p data-uid="468116f2-5c9b-40d6-b1a4-ead209875a11">It wasn't until three years later that it became known in the industry that Cheon Yi-Sang had fabricated the recording via audio splicing.</p><p data-uid="f1abb7e8-2d8a-4b8c-b763-f322e2eb4449">Fortunately, I knew what Cheon Yi-Sang was capable of doing and the content of the audio splicing wasn't as serious as it was then.</p><p data-uid="16180a35-13e8-4d88-9e7d-0625d731fa72">My only regret was that I didn't know the identity of the technician who worked on the audio splicing. If I had known his identity, I would have exposed him along with the evidence. For this reason, I had to resolve the issue in a completely...</p>