---
title: "Chapter 606: Vvip Fashion Show (2)"
weight: 606
---
<p data-uid="20dfbcb7-90f3-4c4e-aed4-353215702f51"><span>Noh Hyun-Hee was the daughter of the former Minister of Land, Infrastructure, and Transport Noh Jang-Joon. She was also the wife of HK Inc.'s Chairman Hong Moon-Gyu, who was ranked 12th in the business world.</span></p><p data-uid="155a58ea-6ea1-4302-9826-1b0a22f5c0c6"><span>Tall, with strong features and an imposing charisma, she actively built connections with the wives of political and business elites. And using those connections, she had done countless things that benefited HK Inc..</span></p><p data-uid="48bc6aef-8f90-481d-a084-596100026326"><span>In other words, she was effectively the second-in-command at HK Inc. Hong Moon-Gyu would even joke that the real boss of HK Inc. was his wife.</span></p><p data-uid="d9adb4d0-7568-492c-8e45-46d589f91bf7"><span>And now, she had shown up here at the L.M.L Black Label fashion show at Daechon Department Store.</span></p><p data-uid="647120fd-71d9-41c9-a3cf-169276558bfa"><span>Several other chaebol wives were with her—all members of the Pyeongchang-dong Cooking Society, an exclusive culinary club hosted by Noh Hyun-Hee and made up of Daechon Department Store’s VVIP clients.</span></p><p data-uid="cbbee7cb-5d1a-409b-a556-8073264621e8"><span><em>Click. Clack. Click. Clack.</em></span></p><p data-uid="ff987d4f-b120-4076-a21f-317be119778a"><span>Noh Hyun-Hee and other chaebol wives' footsteps toward me grew faster. Her eyes were colder than ice; it was a look filled with resentment for the man who had her sons arrested.</span></p><p data-uid="3162d6ac-103e-478a-97e1-a7f2958740c0"><span>At that moment, Lee Ha-Yoon leaned in and whispered. "Mr. Jung, Mrs. Noh wasn't invited. Please don't misunderstand."</span></p><p data-uid="6636f3eb-c819-459c-967b-7bef6172a06d"><span>Aware of the conflict between me and HK Inc., Kim Ae-Ryeon had intentionally not invited her. VVIP fashion shows were invite-only events, so Noh Hyun-Hee's reason for showing up remained unclear.</span></p><p data-uid="5de87272-06b8-4ac5-86f4-c95d6cc48433"><span>In the meantime, she was now right in front of me.</span></p><p data-uid="1e0ec11b-4ca6-43ef-a484-ec4d21ee8049"><span>Lee Ha-Yoon quickly stepped in front of me with a smile. "Oh my! Hello, Mrs. Noh~"</span></p><p data-uid="5267fee6-900b-4367-9587-da4336a7c003"><span>Clasping her hands and beaming, Lee Ha-Yoon greeted her and prompted Noh...</span></p>