---
title: "Chapter 74: Looking For The Choreographer (2)"
weight: 74
---
<p data-uid="08f251b3-b806-412f-bdbf-459c8e21e51c">Lee Dong-Min finally gave in to my persistent persuasion and gave an okay sign. However, he insisted that I show him 'Park Seon-Nyeo’s idol choreography video' before making a final decision because he needed it to persuade the higher-ups about the unconventional conditions I had mentioned.</p><p data-uid="34d8123c-372d-428d-9569-8a4248f485ab">For this reason, I was currently standing in front of Park Seon-Nyeo’s aerobics studio. I had to register as a member to access the videos which were available only on her exclusive website.</p><p data-uid="bfbf9e1a-0a47-473e-8557-d98f58418a33">"One, two, three! <em>Ho</em>! Two, two, three! <em>Ho</em>! Good! Point! Point! Yes, now all together! <em>Ho</em>~!"</p><p data-uid="cd423ae0-f591-49c9-a5c5-0140116d2318">The lively music and Park Seon-Nyeo's voice echoed out into the corridor from the studio. However, now that I was here, my concern wasn’t about the contract but something else.</p><p data-uid="78b42f1e-dabc-4428-99f5-970fa7957bac">"Do I…really have to wear this?"</p><p data-uid="0a55e854-945b-41d0-88c3-8da84fe4aab5">The aerobics outfit I brought was colorful and tight-fitting.</p><p data-uid="8f378376-29e5-404f-a020-5c425e3aefe2">"<em>Sigh.</em> Why do all aerobics outfits have to be like this?"</p><p data-uid="f898c5ae-0632-420a-bcb4-3734a4e8989f">While letting out several deep sighs, an idea popped into my head.</p><p data-uid="4a71c823-f6cd-4c53-b740-c0aec0659a3e">'<em>Right. I came here just to sign up. Let’s just register today and download the videos from the website. I don’t need to actually attend her class.</em>'</p><p data-uid="0e72c9a6-ac7a-40f4-995c-98b10e858ae0">Pleased with my quick thinking in a crisis, I waited for the class to end.</p><p data-uid="7da58650-f8a8-4642-82e1-6149e449c15c">"Okay! That’s it for today! <em>Ho</em>~!"</p><p data-uid="6be350ee-7f91-4087-a52d-62b0b0be7363">"<em>Ho</em>~!"</p><p data-uid="f31ba139-a433-4536-be99-d1285a187cbe">As Park Seon-Nyeo shouted cheerfully, the members of her class exited and looked at me curiously.</p><p data-uid="f2cbd2da-a444-42d5-9b24-2808b6ac470c">"Oh my! Who is this young man?"</p><p data-uid="85ee9c41-df26-4eee-84f5-16f1f17436ae">"<em>Ha ha ha</em>! Maybe he came to watch us...</p>