---
title: "Chapter 129: Last Day Of Shooting (2)"
weight: 129
---
<p data-uid="8c027007-3c44-4674-a627-34865643335d">"Huh? Miss Ju Yung-In is planning to appear in Ms. Lee Ji-Yeon's next project?"</p><p data-uid="ef6a955b-10ad-4f89-867d-fbefbe735b3d">"Does that mean the two of you will collaborate again on the same project?"</p><p data-uid="5f1a97da-79b0-4e67-8e18-462d000fbcc3">The flashing camera lights captured Ju Yung-In and Yoo-Jin together.</p><p data-uid="89420cfc-999c-453a-9275-a986d98a6c81">"Miss Yoo-Jin, please look this way!"</p><p data-uid="b844ecf8-1285-4ee9-989e-99598c8304c8">"Miss Ju Yung-In, could you please strike a pose with Miss Yoo-Jin?"</p><p data-uid="e7a9e1f6-b368-4934-af35-a1e8e8bbfa61">The lead and supporting actresses from the highest-rated drama of the first half of the year, <em>Blue Sky</em>, appearing together in another drama was definitely headline news.</p><p data-uid="ba56ea2d-0055-481b-8c96-0b69f99bdafb">Ju Yung-In was an actress frequently mentioned as a major candidate for the Best Actress award every year, and Yoo-Jin was emerging as the most likely candidate for the Best New Actress award at the SBC Acting Awards at the end of the year.</p><p data-uid="957cf478-a219-4e0f-85f2-7ff3e002b1c1">At that moment, the reporters suddenly began to surge past the makeshift photo line to get closer. Then, they thrust microphones right under the actresses' chins and began a barrage of questions.</p><p data-uid="d7c9c4e3-d025-48ed-8c97-3765f8d42706">"Is what you just said true, Miss Yung-In?"</p><p data-uid="a6a17fea-d8f5-40fe-bc36-3bb21e6ba652">"Stop beating around the bush and give us a quick answer!"</p><p data-uid="7ae5a6c9-e26d-4423-8ccc-cdb865ded588">Ju Yung-In was a person who instinctively knew how to capture people's attention as if she were born to be a star.</p><p data-uid="033eaf6f-5aa2-4b22-9141-8881350d01dc">Amid the clamor of reporters, Cha Soo-Yeon hurriedly intervened to stop the interview.</p><p data-uid="23613c60-e7cb-4de7-a83c-e88481d11e54">"We'll only take questions about <em>Blue Sky</em> today. Individual interviews with Miss Ju Yung-In and Jung Yoo-Jin will...</p>