---
title: "Chapter 448: Hwangryong Film Association (2)"
weight: 448
---
<p data-uid="d3ba5b46-f4ac-45e0-acea-816f16ed6ba1"><span>"Mr. Jason has security camera footage of Oh Ji-Seok's assault. I'll let him know you're on your way, so go see him right now."</span></p><p data-uid="cca07f64-2160-4e0e-b2dd-3dde18b24d77"><span>Yesterday, Oh Ji-Seok had caused a scene at JJ Studio and grabbed Jason Cho by the collar. I had stepped in to rescue Jason from Oh Ji-Seok.</span></p><p data-uid="01d3a0e4-52c6-4838-a025-9ecbd9f154d0"><span>When I left the studio with Lee Tae-Poong, Jason Cho promised to provide the security camera footage whenever needed.</span></p><p data-uid="69f2e7b2-d743-47cd-b0e2-9a827c9b2a52"><span>-Really? Then I'll head there immediately.</span></p><p data-uid="9784f7d5-3a44-4777-92a4-8083f809df83"><span>I also gave Han Yeon-Hong the contact information of former talent agents who had worked with Oh Ji-Seok. If their testimonies about his assaults were added, Oh Ji-Seok wouldn't be able to hold out any longer.</span></p><p data-uid="bb958438-da73-46e1-84ff-50e7d8526da1"><span>Han Yeon-Hong sounded distressed earlier, but now seemed excited.</span></p><p data-uid="82ff52e0-4ee2-49ca-9812-9fc1c58d817b"><span>-Thank you, Mr. Jung.</span></p><p data-uid="9912e123-5722-4d5a-85f1-a1a8a60fadba"><span>Han Yeon-Hong had been an adversary, but now she was becoming a steadfast ally. After hanging up with her, I called Jason Cho to explain the situation.</span></p><p data-uid="0c89000f-9dc4-44c5-bc4e-19a822b5b051"><span>-Don't worry. I'll hand over the edited security camera footage when the reporter arrives.</span></p><p data-uid="24b2115a-28f4-471f-93c4-bc3041af6690"><span>Jason Cho readily agreed and also added that he would only edit the footage to include the moments where he was assaulted.</span></p><p data-uid="c4ff1b91-2c68-43f7-b87d-fa6dbcc2da1d"><span>However, a concern suddenly crossed my mind. If the footage were leaked, not only would Oh Ji-Seok face consequences but actors from Ace Entertainment might stop visiting JJ Studio, causing its revenue to drop.</span></p><p data-uid="8255fe33-220e-4d2e-af1e-a2c41f634e82"><span>I couldn't let Jason Cho, who had stepped up to help me, suffer any losses.</span></p><p data-uid="67afa341-d2da-4cc8-90ff-8aff185d06fa"><span>I suggested, "Jason, I don't think Ace Entertainment's actors will continue to go to JJ Studio, so I would like to...</span></p>