---
title: "Chapter 465: Dancer'S Dream (2)"
weight: 465
---
<p data-uid="d5702790-4ef8-4b11-b744-ca0c49bc0a54"><span>Sixty-years-old Yeon Hwa-Seon was a second-generation master of Korean traditional dance.</span></p><p data-uid="e5670b7f-96b4-4ab7-868b-b925a022e2f5"><span>Her mother, Jo Yong-Soon, was also a Human Cultural Asset. The two had devoted their lives to restoring dances from the Three Kingdoms period to the Joseon Dynasty.</span></p><p data-uid="97893252-3ef9-43d9-aa55-f2e6783c0ae4"><span>When Jo Yong-Soon passed away, Yeon Hwa-Seon focused on training students and finding a successor to pass on the restored Korean dances. Despite this, her sense of duty to spread Korean traditional dance widely drove her to tirelessly perform and give lectures. In her remaining time, she even served as a consultant for dramas and films.</span></p><p data-uid="48c605e8-dfdf-431d-960d-8d6954c2ed53"><span>Because Yeon Hwa-Seon was particularly fond of coffee, I became the coffee provider whenever she came to the site. While she drank coffee, I would chat with her and gradually grew closer to her.</span></p><p data-uid="2cdbf35f-6713-4c71-bbae-dfecbf961553"><span>One day, Yeon Hwa-Seon confided in me about her only daughter. She spoke of her late-born daughter, Seo Hee-Joo, whom she had at over forty, and how the girl possessed greater talent than herself.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="a1589df8-2e5e-4527-9039-849b1ede9394"><span>But the daughter she hoped would continue the family legacy as a third-generation dancer had declared her disdain for traditional dance and ran away at the age of nineteen to pursue a career as a celebrity.</span></p><p data-uid="11a0a6bf-a0df-4dd5-a58e-2104840a98a1"><span>After their estrangement, Yeon Hwa-Seon began seeking a new successor.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="12304cee-8eef-43b1-b128-f77e207f24b2"><span>-It's been almost two years since I last saw her. How could she not contact me even once? That wretched ...</span></p>