---
title: "Chapter 85: Trojan Horse (1)"
weight: 85
---
<p data-uid="a47a453b-da17-4c5c-a443-0272db12844c">"...So, it seems like you're asking me to become your exclusive talent agent. Is that correct?"</p><p data-uid="36bd10b6-c558-411f-8475-6e0993cf3f8d">"Yes. I'll take care of your vacation and bonus pay separately as well. As you should know, this sort of treatment is usually reserved for the exclusive talent agents of top stars."</p><p data-uid="007a5a41-f9b8-4f2a-88bb-382828194d30">Ju Yung-In's gaze was peculiarly sparkling as she looked at me, and her eyes were filled with confidence as if she were certain I wouldn’t be able to resist her offer. Considering her annual earnings were assumed to be around 1.5 billion won, such an offer wouldn’t be out of reach for her. However, it was surprising to see Ju Yung-In, who usually wouldn't spend a penny for others, making such an offer.</p><p data-uid="21c7abca-34e9-47cb-9741-78daf3ab0564">I quietly met her gaze.</p><p data-uid="f4bdef75-d486-425b-8e92-bd025b8670cb">At that moment, memories of her from my past life started to resurface in my mind.</p><p data-uid="cc668a7e-85b1-4106-b378-7824ec0c11d3">-Honey, would you marry me again if we were reborn?</p><p data-uid="63486d64-eb86-4e86-9f1e-6a3c4666633b">-What are you talking about all of a sudden?</p><p data-uid="a395ede3-8308-42ad-88ab-474aea694c2c">-Just answer me.</p><p data-uid="b0080b7f-5e17-4587-9194-d5ff258b6a48">-What's this all about? ...Sure, I would. What about you?</p><p data-uid="6c0e0c43-4d7b-449a-9749-c1b6e23cf4c0">-Hmm, what should I do?</p><p data-uid="49d90afb-fb49-4052-bfdb-5d523992b51b">-What? You asked first! Are you saying you wouldn't marry me again if we were reborn?</p><p data-uid="4bc0d3b9-5176-4221-bcdd-caf0837eaa50">-Enough about that. Honey, you just don’t get the point, do you? Anyway, didn't you negotiate your salary? How much did President Kim offer you this year? 1 billion won? 1.5 billion won?</p><p data-uid="afc64937-1e64-4dc1-930d-d01edba50bdb">-Always so greedy, huh? With the performance bonus, I’m thinking maybe around 2 billion won?</p><p data-uid="feaccaa3-7ba4-48b6-9e27-33b4d0e5b7ef">-Wow~ my husband is so capable! Then, can I buy a new luxury...</p>