---
title: "Chapter 734: Past And Present (1)"
weight: 734
---
<p data-uid="e7dc94fd-be33-4eeb-ac8d-feeafc7fa740"><span>[Everyday V13]</span></p><p data-uid="8d7c0a12-28ab-49f4-bbde-63b4e3810c4e"><span>[Date: March 14, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="931c7bb2-702c-4ddc-ba81-2344d2d433b9"><span>-09:00 a.m. [NEW. Choi Deok-Bae]</span></p><p data-uid="8d498237-c59e-455f-a060-2db691f6f54e"><span><em>The Omniscient Viewpoint</em> March 13th broadcast. Online replay deletion notice.</span></p><p data-uid="502b85e1-f3d5-4d5c-a265-2e6583995534"><span>(Emergency meeting: Fallout from tabloid article about Chae Mi-Hyun and Kang Eun-Gi.)</span></p><p data-uid="bfb6d0d1-2123-4859-9e62-a7d84997206e"><span><em>The Omniscient Viewpoint</em> aired at 11 p.m. on Saturdays, and around two hours after the main broadcast ended, MBS began offering the VOD replay online. But by tomorrow morning, this episode's replay would be removed.</span></p><p data-uid="fe0a3092-3efc-4cce-ab9c-9ea9692f186c"><span>This episode's first segment featured Choi Deok-Bae – Talent Agent Jung Yoon-Ho Episode, while the second and third focused on Chae Mi-Hyun – Talent Agent Kang Eun-Gi Episode.&nbsp; Since the VOD had no commercial breaks, the file was uploaded as a single combined video. So if there was an issue with even one part, the whole file had to be taken down.</span></p><p data-uid="dcbc1b5a-164d-4da1-beaf-fe6a6a6693c1"><span>Thankfully, Deok-Bae wasn't in serious trouble, but the situation could be critically damaging for Chae Mi-Hyun and Kang Eun-Gi.</span></p><p data-uid="e3661dc1-605a-4a9f-9020-b13f73a362a1"><span>'<em>Are they both in trouble? Or just one of them?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="74c47265-acdd-480e-82ef-04f574e52aac"><span>In truth, both Chae Mi-Hyun and Kang Eun-Gi had vulnerabilities that could stir public backlash. Chae Mi-Hyun, though beloved as the queen of rom-coms, had hidden the existence of her brother with developmental disabilities from the public for years. As for Kang Eun-Gi, he had a criminal record as a former member of a violent gang.</span></p><p data-uid="d4d753d6-b7c7-44d9-8a42-7393917b5368"><span>In other words, depending on how the media frames the situation, both of them could face severe public condemnation. The fact that this surfaced right before the broadcast could only mean one thing—someone had deliberately leaked the tabloid.</span></p><p data-uid="2950ab78-019a-4397-accf-e28217025479"><span>At that moment, Kim Ae-Ryeon's warning flashed through my min...</span></p>