---
title: "Chapter 400: Hwaranjeon Crank In (2)"
weight: 400
---
<p data-uid="e4aa6c36-7b33-4bd3-ab1a-e36ac02c813d"><span>About 20 meters away, chairs were arranged in rows under the tent set up as the actors' waiting area.</span></p><p data-uid="01128823-c523-4b13-bab5-44a54e4dcd06"><span>Each chair had a nameplate on the backrest with the actors' roles and names, allowing everyone to find their designated spot.</span></p><p data-uid="c3649f99-784f-4425-a64e-d6e927ea02b7"><span>However, the lead actor's chair stood out even without checking the backrest. It was placed in the coolest spot in the tent, and next to it was a large ice box filled with bottled water and drinks.</span></p><p data-uid="7902faca-1b5f-4843-baaf-a1f0014462b5"><span>This privilege was standard across sets to acknowledge the importance of the lead actor, who bore the heaviest burden with the most scenes and led the story.</span></p><p data-uid="2aea1a7f-6cdc-48d8-b549-9d7c1b4b8707"><span>However, when Min Gyu-Ri arrived, she casually chose the most appealing seat and sat down.</span></p><p data-uid="20b2fe3f-fd11-4a6c-8e78-ec4a02e7537b"><span>As earlier chaos over the filming order had already shaken the set, Oh Bok-Hee was now glaring daggers at Min Gyu-Ri.</span></p><p data-uid="d2810b00-42d5-4201-839b-7de90aceaec5"><span>Another conflict was brewing over seating this time.</span></p><p data-uid="fcdce1df-a344-4a9e-a323-b1722fbb1079"><span>"How dare she… Where does she get off...?" Oh Bok-Hee growled.</span></p><p data-uid="870271af-9c72-4551-a16d-eec0f249a79f"><span>With her nerves on edge, Oh Bok-Hee grabbed a red megaphone.</span></p><p data-uid="f29bd08e-af55-45ed-8fae-091ef5b2aecd"><span>Just then, Yoo-Jin finished speaking with Geum Eun-Dong and approached Oh Bok-Hee. "Mrs. Oh, it's fine. I don't mind."</span></p><p data-uid="22326318-60c6-48b0-8e96-541733b50dc6"><span>Oh Bok-Hee shook her head firmly. "No, Miss Yoo-Jin. If you don't sit there, it's going to cause even bigger problems."</span></p><p data-uid="0c8158fe-5f55-4fd8-8c2a-1335c7ae27dc"><span>I nodded in agreement. "Yoo-Jin, if you don't take that seat, the other actors will fight to claim the lead chair next time. Just look at the way Lee Tae-Yeon sunbae and Yoon Joo-Yeon sunbae are staring now....</span></p>