---
title: "Chapter 171: On A Roll (1)"
weight: 171
---
<p data-uid="71d14911-ad49-4622-8b9c-b7319cf63ea1">[<em>Blue Sky</em>'s Successful Finale With 28.5% Viewership Ratings!]</p><p data-uid="f460c009-384c-4d8b-8214-ca6a1a51761d">[Interview With Writer Kim Soll-Ip, Adding Perfection to the Script.]</p><p data-uid="a6b2ff58-41e1-46c7-8907-4570e21b65da">[Meeting Ju Yung-In and Jung Yoo-Jin: The Most Spotlighted Actresses of the Year.]</p><p data-uid="b9bd5a31-17d6-4b9f-aa79-965ae069dc54"><em>Blue Sky </em>had finally come to an end with the final episode featuring Ju Yung-In as the bride. However, the last scene was Yoo-Jin catching the bouquet.</p><p data-uid="867cfd03-ec5f-4c0b-8491-37bb45146d94">Thanks to this scene marking the drama's high point, the top live search ranking was amusingly about <em>Blue Sky</em> Season 2. There was even a flood of requests to make Yoo-Jin the lead for the next season.</p><p data-uid="0ca40e41-1cc6-4c7b-9734-caec69ff1777">Because of this, my team and I, occupying the Actor Division 2's meeting room, were swamped with handling a barrage of advertising proposals and could barely catch our breaths.</p><p data-uid="984d59cd-2c14-4b66-90c0-faeae43f46c9">"Yes. Yes. Oh, ABS Mart? Sorry, but Miss Yoo-Jin already has an exclusive contract with Wheelies for shoes."</p><p data-uid="b4d43465-6362-4c99-85f0-d6ce2dbe8173">"I'm sorry. Miss Yoo-Jin is exclusively with LM Apparel for clothing."</p><p data-uid="3be733f5-1142-4f24-bec0-2144374af414">"Happy Confectionery's Grand Slam Ball snacks? 50 million won a year? Hmm, I'll discuss it with the company and get back to you. Please give me your contact information."</p><p data-uid="38853565-54ff-45ab-b64b-bf836f423ca4">Our entire team of talent agents was deployed and our phones were nearly exploding from overheating. Yet there seemed to be no end.</p><p data-uid="607defcb-bbb5-4124-83b3-119978904447">Lee Yung-Jin wiped his sweat and shouted, "Mr. Jung! Please set a minimum for the ad rates!"</p><p data-uid="0ca766e8-5824-4df2-8b92-9ee4c8ea8924">Following him, Kim Mi-Hye from the PR division also added, "We'll be paralyzed if this continues. We're getting offers from various broadcasters too and we can't respond...</p>