---
title: "Chapter 767: Her Decision (1)"
weight: 767
---
<p data-uid="8882f789-bf9d-41d8-87a4-043e7dad2a5b"><span>"These scripts were set aside because the lead roles are already tentatively cast. They're currently under investment review."</span></p><p data-uid="849532fd-3ce4-4319-812f-426964de7119"><span>In the film industry, once a director and screenwriter finished their script and sent it to a production company, the production process began. The production company selected scripts they liked and recruited suitable actors. If there was no director attached yet, they brought one on board too.</span></p><p data-uid="7ecab0b2-532a-452a-8edb-8c70c13251fe"><span>Once a script had both a director and actors lined up, the production company submitted it to an investor-distributor like LT Entertainment for what was called an "investment review." An investment review was, simply put, a request to a company like LT Entertainment to finance the production of the film.</span></p><p data-uid="82d9bc81-fb84-42b2-ae82-9d2c0b169dc5"><span>The twenty scripts Lee Eun-Joo had just brought over were all in that investment review phase. In other words, they already had tentative leads attached. Nevertheless, if those leads weren't officially confirmed, then there was still a window of opportunity.</span></p><p data-uid="77a6a8b8-8652-4992-87a9-0a7cdc21b19e"><span>Films could take anywhere from a year to a decade to get made. Most actors simply read a script and expressed interest. Only after the investors committed did everyone formally meet to sign contracts.</span></p><p data-uid="35d0693b-02f0-45ca-ac10-98918216b504"><span>"If nothing's been confirmed, then we still have a chance. Would it be alright if we look through these?" I asked.</span></p><p data-uid="8e03970e-9234-451e-a1c8-34ef84e16745"><span>One of the two scripts I had been thinking about was right in front of me. I couldn't just give up now.</span></p><p data-uid="5ace6e2d-9cb3-4a31-aaeb-6038b2f3bdb2"><span>Lee Eun-Joo hesitated. "If by chance one of these appeals to you, you'll have to visit the production company...</span></p>