---
title: "Chapter 274: Team Lead Wang Long (5)"
weight: 274
---
<p data-uid="49584d59-7036-4965-9731-d6baeb8a17b8"><span>Kang Gam-Chan appointed me as the Hoop Entertainment's representative in the contract discussion with Team Lead Wang Long from Shanghai New Media Inc. Taking advantage of Zhang Xuan's mistake, Kang Gam-Chan was pushing aside Lee Gi-Cheol and Kim Dong-Soo to give me a chance to earn merit.</span></p><p data-uid="a572b7c1-51c5-4b71-b99b-83ad46bf56f1"><span>As Kang Gam-Chan winked slyly at me and left the room with his company, Lee Chan-Dong urgently called out Ju Yung-In's name and followed after her.</span></p><p data-uid="b50e1c9d-c8b5-41e3-a425-57a561d27dfa"><span>Now, only Wang Long, Zhang Xuan, and I remained in the room.</span></p><p data-uid="031dd2d2-5dec-49db-8fb1-1d259e218903"><span>"Director Zhang Xuan."</span></p><p data-uid="84e25b9a-2221-4313-8501-f5233e59c947"><span>"Y-yes, sir!"</span></p><p data-uid="19f38459-11c2-4f30-ab27-dd2a70ef1d0d"><span>When Wang Long called, Zhang Xuan stood up hastily as if he were a private in the military.</span></p><p data-uid="46f682c1-ae79-4f56-96f9-9a6c809a180c"><span>"Explain exactly what happened! If you tell me everything honestly, I'll try my best to prevent the worst-case scenario."</span></p><p data-uid="d332bd60-1596-449b-aa6a-b9bf4da6ef0c"><span>Wang Long pressed Zhang Xuan with an authoritative tone and the latter stammered as he began to speak.</span></p><p data-uid="4dfd9742-5e78-4faf-98a3-382a7689d408"><span>"Th-the truth is..."</span></p><p data-uid="56b93673-8775-40e6-8756-1bd3b6fbddb3"><span>Zhang Xuan testified that he only wanted to have a drink with the most famous actress these days and that Kim Dong-Soo arranged this meeting.</span></p><p data-uid="ce944a54-f5b0-46ea-96f6-acdcf56f1edd"><span>"Chief Kim Dong-Soo of Hoop Entertainment set up this meeting?"</span></p><p data-uid="1ceaa204-189c-4da1-87cf-5ccc551b1982"><span>Zhang Xuan nodded continuously upon seeing Wang Long's icy expression.</span></p><p data-uid="1bab7433-2c16-488f-b83e-e8524921f5b3"><span>"Yes, Chief Kim Dong-Soo told me to have a drink while I wait until Ju Yung-In comes to Room 3."</span></p><p data-uid="8748afd1-67da-4cd9-a1f9-edf1d3bfbff1"><span>Zhang Xuan explained that Kim Dong-Soo conspired with Lee Chan-Dong for this meeting and claimed he knew nothing about it and was just here for hospitality.</span></p><p data-uid="0caadfa3-e00e-4a9e-805f-1b5e19bd45b9"><span>Wang Long asked a few more questions but he couldn't get further information out...</span></p>