---
title: "Chapter 684: We Are Friends, Aren'T We? (1)"
weight: 684
---
<p data-uid="65c470c4-bd73-4227-b615-0151f67a5e76"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="4e4e0aad-e6fa-4c47-887b-73fe66eb6c46"><span>[Date: February 26, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="d785ef89-6574-44d3-927e-dccb8367aab4"><span>-10:10 p.m.: [NEW. Kim Sae-Ri] Transported to Busan University Hospital Emergency Room. (Emergency Meeting:<em> Project I.O.A </em>Busan preliminaries suspended.)</span></p><p data-uid="1f9d22eb-7bfb-42e6-ae15-4f4de78e413a"><span>Just hearing that Sae-Ri was taken to the emergency room was enough to throw me off. On top of that, Everyday was telling me the Busan preliminaries of <em>Project I.O.A</em> are being suspended too.</span></p><p data-uid="c93847c0-e843-4da6-babd-ccb52f7590a0"><span>'<em>What on earth is about to happen?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="f7a24c07-12fa-42cb-bb4b-a19e610c2dba"><span>No matter how much I thought about it, I couldn't imagine any scenario during tonight's Busan preliminaries of <em>Project I.O.A </em>starting at 8 p.m., where Sae-Ri would get hurt.</span></p><p data-uid="93334988-3918-4ec2-bd75-cae2f1f2574a"><span>All Sae-Ri was scheduled to do was a preliminary celebration performance and judging for the auditions. There wouldn't be anything like a lift accident like in past concerts, and since she was using a wireless mic, there wouldn't be any chance of electrocution.</span></p><p data-uid="2f66bb87-90f4-45d9-afb3-cad85bf00296"><span>The only clear thing was that something would happen during the Busan preliminaries of <em>Project I.O.A.</em></span></p><p data-uid="a96f8cfc-02cb-4b8c-bb55-857c2645e588"><span>'<em>Should I cancel the schedule?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="18c8c32b-5e1e-4bc7-828f-36d37ad1635a"><span>Sae-Ri had already arrived in Busan early this morning and was following her schedule. I couldn't just stand by and let something happen to Sae-Ri, so the first thought that came to mind was to stop her schedule immediately.</span></p><p data-uid="a1c25971-0aa0-412f-ba35-74ccd358c33e"><span>However, I quickly shook my head. Any schedule entry that popped up in Everyday, unless the cause was removed, would always reappear. It was just like in the movie <em>Destination.</em></span></p><p data-uid="5b5d5a7d-5999-43e8-b8b4-80ac2e150895"><span>Because I needed to meet with Singer Division 2's staff to talk about the employee stock ownership plan anyway, I decided to go down there and handle the situation myself.</span></p><p data-uid="ea3d3423-429c-4ae2-9cb9-ef58c2a6505b"><span>First, I needed to confirm Sae-Ri's condition. There was always the possibility that this was happening because of a...</span></p>