---
title: "Chapter 902: War Horn (2)"
weight: 902
---
<p data-uid="74596bb8-e74c-4406-8c62-04f9a79207e2"><span><span>"What do you think you're doing right now?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="8b40903c-160d-49a2-8c5e-6df815545d85"><span><span>As I stepped out of the elevator, I shouted at Team Lead Yang Tae-Min of Actor Division 3, who had Lee Yung-Jin by the collar.</span></span></p><p data-uid="e092f5db-4fe3-4dfe-8f98-e460ade4e4a0"><span><span>Yang Tae-Min kept hold of Lee Yung-Jin's collar as he looked at me. "Chief Jung?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="f086af98-c351-41ae-bbce-30075793025b"><span><span>Yang Tae-Min had been my sunbae and my mentor when I first joined the company. However, he was also the irresponsible bastard who had gone over to Kim Dong-Soo's Actor Division 3 and dumped Yoo-Jin on me when I still didn't know a thing.</span></span></p><p data-uid="d26f87d5-443d-4f9a-8a54-635d1c6e9117"><span><span>And right now, he was just another bastard who had laid hands on one of my precious team members.</span></span></p><p data-uid="79d8bf4d-130c-4a55-a327-13247d378388"><span><span>"You'd better let go before I snap that wrist clean off," I warned.</span></span></p><p data-uid="cc56726a-540d-4fd8-98e1-cd22e24b66c3"><span><span>Yang Tae-Min clenched his teeth, then abruptly let go of Lee Yung-Jin's collar. "Damn it."</span></span></p><p data-uid="959f48a0-3d61-491b-9626-69333b09c781"><span><span>The moment Yang Tae-Min released him, I checked Lee Yung-Jin's condition first. "Yung-Jin. Are you okay?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="e9dd2d6c-b15c-4e56-9f7f-ef2e2f0f888b"><span><span>Lee Yung-Jin rubbed his stiff neck and answered, "I'm fine."</span></span></p><p data-uid="604b6983-4083-4969-8953-9bfb20e715d4"><span><span>"I can understand CK Entertainment going after me, but what on earth happened for it to come to grabbing someone by the collar?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="84cacbcf-bed4-407b-864f-72b7a1dbf692"><span><span>"Actor Kim Si-Jin from Actor Division 3 had been tentatively cast as the lead in </span><em><span>Headbutt Boy</span></em><span>, which CK is distributing, but this morning we were notified he'd been replaced. They said he lost the role because of you, Mr. Jung."</span></span></p><p data-uid="3a7fa21e-2dfa-4476-921b-271813afac60"><span><span>Kim Si-Jin was a thirty-five-year-old actor, a talented supporting actor with a kind face. This was his first time landing a lead role in a film called </span><em><span>Headbutt Boy</span></em><span>, which was about a professional wrestler. He had been looking forward to it tremendously, but he had just gotten word that the offer had been withdrawn.</span></span></p><p data-uid="b4a5010c-f39c-4747-9901-8b463deed08c"><span><span>"Did you mouth off at him?" I asked.</span></span></p><p data-uid="0a147dca-5293-4ce8-a46e-cfce205ffdd0"><span><span>Lee Yung-Jin shook his head. "No. I just asked whether they'd at least checked if there was any issue with the actor himself, and then he grabbed...</span></span></p>