---
title: "Chapter 291: Showcase (2)"
weight: 291
---
<p data-uid="8d95d4af-5f38-40c6-8b8b-e35333b41c75"><span>As the fourth son of the HK Inc., Hong Sung-Beom was notorious for his relationships with countless female celebrities, all while positioning himself to become the next president of HK Apparel in just a month.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="21d5caee-b7f6-49ca-a4c3-7d13aabfe81d"><span>In my past life, I didn't dare interfere with his matters. Back then, I was just a mere talent agent working under Kim Dong-Soo and he was the youngest son of the mighty HK Inc.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="d57dca8b-5b05-40ca-b25b-b85873833336"><span>However, things were different now. After traveling back in time, I knew I could handle someone like him—a spoiled chaebol heir.</span></p><p data-uid="b7c9cb52-dc54-4467-b757-febac1482eb8"><span>As I noticed Hong Sung-Beom arrogantly sitting with his legs crossed, Moon Yung-Mi grimaced, clearly displeased by his presence as well.</span></p><p data-uid="56ebed22-10e0-4152-b7b4-288fed5b8c72"><span>"Such arrogance at a young age..." Moon Yung-Mi muttered.</span></p><p data-uid="4f6ee5b3-ba1a-4c2d-94f4-72668657795f"><span>Moon Yung-Mi held a significant level of caution toward HK Apparel, the industry leader, and for a good reason. Over the years, they had poached designers from her company and even plagiarized designs when they couldn't get their way to cause countless problems.</span></p><p data-uid="bc9a01d8-f523-4abb-b004-92c251a0ec85"><span>Moon Yung-Mi was grumbling under her breath as we made our way to the reserved seating area, but she switched to a bright smile as if nothing had happened as soon as we approached people.</span></p><p data-uid="706d30af-50f9-4b13-817d-c6e5dbe8025d"><span>"This is my husband. Go ahead and introduce yourself," she added.</span></p><p data-uid="fcd40f7d-02d5-4911-b47a-1bdecec4d39b"><span>I greeted Lee Jong-Hoon, the co-president of LM Apparel. "Nice to meet you, Mr. Lee."</span></p><p data-uid="c55122dc-47f3-434f-adae-63c92f891ad3"><span>With a warm expression, Lee Jong-Hoon stood up and shook my hand firmly. "Our sales at LM Apparel have seen a significant increase this year. They say it's all thanks to you."</span></p><p data-uid="92702d5d-fef1-44bc-ada5-93009b0324d8"><span>Lee Jong-Hoon's cheerful demeanor prompted Moon Yung-Mi to laugh heartily. "You should give proper praise if you're going to compliment...</span></p>