---
title: "Chapter 284: Destiny (1)"
weight: 284
---
<p data-uid="36766223-21d5-4c32-9aa4-98707d590e43"><span>I looked at the advertisement proposal text from Daeheung Savings Bank and fell into deep thought.</span></p><p data-uid="ba5f719c-02f2-486e-a6bb-61b42980cca6"><span>'</span><em><span>Could it be an order from President Choi Eun-Tae?</span></em><span>' I wondered.</span></p><p data-uid="cd679a5c-fd95-4d56-8c86-cf191ef2c22d"><span>It was possible for a savings bank to send loan advertisement texts and it was not unusual for them to want to use a popular actress as a model.</span></p><p data-uid="b44a768b-e128-419a-b09f-29b45698a144"><span>However, I was convinced that it was more than just a coincidence given the previous incidents.</span></p><p data-uid="7725183f-a0ae-434e-877a-7b48e5330819"><span>After a brief moment of contemplation, I made a decision. '</span><em><span>I have no choice but to meet them in person.</span></em><span>'</span></p><p data-uid="27515c34-4945-4817-8a02-ab894a1cd0ab"><span>I had asked Lee Soo-Chan for information about Daeheung Savings Bank without Kim Dong-Soo and Choi Man-Sik's knowledge. Unfortunately, there was still no result. It seemed like it was time for me to take direct action to find out why Choi Eun-Tae was looking for his son at this point and what he planned to do after finding him.</span></p><p data-uid="beb99263-92b9-4c19-84d5-bea9dd027d14"><span>In the meantime, Yoo-Jin's interview ended successfully.</span></p><p data-uid="9c8a1549-0d45-4fe2-ae45-18a585ad2f21"><span>After politely greeting the reporters, Yoo-Jin approached me. "Oppa, it's over."</span></p><p data-uid="f606f56a-6085-4de6-81cf-e9ab246549ac"><span>"Good job. Here, drink some water."</span></p><p data-uid="82a40a7b-1489-458d-945f-1cf969bdbf8c"><span>At that moment, Jang Moon-Ki, a reporter from </span><em><span>Star Special</span></em><span>, rushed over with a camera. Panting, Jang Moon-Ki gave a thumbs-up. "Miss Yoo-Jin, your interview skills are getting better day by day. With interviews, you improve the more you do it."</span></p><p data-uid="2276b509-b5c2-41d8-b15f-f9f82ed65c0e"><span>"It's all thanks to you for asking good questions, Mr. Jang," Yoo-Jin replied with a smile.</span></p><p data-uid="46e193df-2b33-4f2c-8190-b219feb60e52"><span>"</span><em><span>Ha ha.</span></em><span> You think so?"</span></p><p data-uid="9e86d7ff-3243-4f2e-a1ce-6ff0d2cfaa61"><span>After repeatedly praising Yoo-Jin, Jang Moon-Ki casually brought up a suggestion. "Team...</span></p>