---
title: "Chapter 633: Missing (8)"
weight: 633
---
<p data-uid="832b744c-5dcc-41c1-bd30-c7029227f0a0"><span>-This used to be my house.</span></p><p data-uid="a43bb0c1-7f20-449b-89a5-1c9b9cd187e1"><span>Park Dong-Joon and I froze in place. It was because this house, where Lee Tae-Gil caused the disappearance incident twenty years ago, turned out to be Choi Sung-Hyun's house.</span></p><p data-uid="1f0caeb7-349e-49c2-b573-5c61c85f81c7"><span>Park Dong-Joon seemed unable to believe it and asked me again. "What, what did he just say?"</span></p><p data-uid="f4c5f270-0d2d-45fb-94b5-97d9ca9cad2b"><span>"He said... this is his house."</span></p><p data-uid="f5016da9-eedf-4091-9f58-967dbc202052"><span>I also felt dazed and couldn't think straight. If it was twenty years ago, Choi Sung-Hyun would have been nine years old. And at that time, there was only one nine-year-old boy living in this house—Lee Hyun-Sung.</span></p><p data-uid="95ae7e1d-0712-4156-a018-90ce9e9b5ba4"><span>He was the son of Lee Tae-Gil, the culprit of the serial disappearance case in Seongnam that inspired <em>Missing – The Lost Ones</em> twenty years ago.</span></p><p data-uid="5fd74488-c588-4821-a3fb-9769d395d88c"><span>However, after Lee Tae-Gil was arrested and his wife took her own life, Lee Hyun-Sung, who had no surviving relatives, was sent abroad to the U.S. by Park Dong-Joon himself to be adopted. And it was said that he had died there in an accident.</span></p><p data-uid="d5229728-1b28-4677-8682-29cdd0a2f129"><span>But now, Choi Sung-Hyun was claiming that he was Lee Hyun-Sung.</span></p><p data-uid="242b8e82-f08c-4022-bbf9-9e3de564cee7"><span>-Honestly, I didn't think you wouldn't recognize me at all. My last name changed, but the name didn't change much. Sung-Hyun. It's just my original name, Hyun-Sung, rearranged.</span></p><p data-uid="2a6f210c-4fe5-4576-b741-670bceb6c9d0"><span>Park Dong-Joon started trembling as if he had been electrocuted. "Hyun-Sung is dead... I even checked the death certificate myself..."</span></p><p data-uid="9c37a68d-6136-4537-acfb-090127cac133"><span>-I almost died. Those crazy adoptive parents were high on drugs and set the house on fire. But I ran away that evening because I was tired of getting beaten every day. Luckily, an elderly Korean immigrant couple took me in, and that's how I survived. Quite a life, huh?</span></p><p data-uid="b2ee743e-69b9-435a-a93d-8070d5c12433"><span>The U.S. police had assumed that Lee Hyun-Sung died since the adoptive parents were found burned and the boy was missing, so they issued a death certificate. They had no idea he had been taken in by another childless Korean...</span></p>