---
title: "Chapter 159: Everyday (1)"
weight: 159
---
<p data-uid="0cab4460-29d8-4284-87ec-72ddc8c77107"><span>I was promoted to assistant manager within my first year, and now, in my second year, I had taken on the role of team lead.</span></p><p data-uid="d9e1d959-9e94-4b7c-b3ec-f64347a02e44"><span>Although an entire calendar year had passed, it essentially only took me four months to be promoted to team lead. Despite the anticipated opposition from the Suhyaejong line, Kang Ji-Yung was nothing but confident.</span></p><p data-uid="a2b03503-c713-4d9b-bb3e-950e1ca6f8de"><span>"The team lead appointment will be issued in three days, just so you know," Kang Ji-Yung said.</span></p><p data-uid="a731f8f3-8978-43e7-bfc9-495c1cd03985"><span>"What are you going to do about Mr. Lee Gi-Cheol's side?" I asked.</span></p><p data-uid="2864c604-143d-4088-853f-9ec4213121f4"><span>"I'll handle that," Gu Seong-Cheol said.</span></p><p data-uid="b9fcb412-c147-4d08-afca-6a462c284306"><span>He encouraged me with a more serious expression than usual, saying this was just the beginning.</span></p><p data-uid="d53e723d-2251-41bd-a3b3-158b2ac8aa58"><span>"It won't be easy. I'll support you as much as I can, but you'll be responsible for your team's operations from now on..." Gu Seong-Cheong added.</span></p><p data-uid="f9b4a1ad-e13f-43f6-82a4-76995a647e27"><span>Then we discussed the Jung Team I would be in charge of.</span></p><p data-uid="96278a9e-46e6-41cf-8776-9268880bd814"><span>"After discussing with Mr. Gu, we've decided that the Jung Team will need special management."</span></p><p data-uid="b087d25e-34bd-4a3d-91a1-2ed89788cf5f"><span>The Jung Team was tasked with the management of both actors and singers. However, Cherry Blossom was to be co-managed with the current team lead, Han Myung-Ho.</span></p><p data-uid="3a3584b6-8d53-4665-8808-d0f261461b96"><span>Gu Seong-Cheol looked worried, perhaps because he was concerned about me suddenly managing so many employees and actors with little experience.</span></p><p data-uid="1de991c5-00d4-47a2-889a-58e6ed965faf"><span>"Are you sure you got this, Yoon-Ho?" Gu Seong-Cheol asked with a concerned expression.</span></p><p data-uid="caf07528-3ad9-4ee8-80ed-538c0fbaa59a"><span>Gu Seong-Cheol didn't know how capable I was....</span></p>