---
title: "Chapter 387: Busan World Pop Festival (2)"
weight: 387
---
<p data-uid="f28b4047-618b-4731-8109-a49fb9ea8ced"><span>As soon as I heard Yoo Hye-Joo's voice, I asked, "Were you the one who changed the girls' performance order?"</span></p><p data-uid="b97bf002-7a13-4dfd-9128-2337a3c9c12f"><span>-Oh my, what makes you say that?</span></p><p data-uid="bdd7a75c-2866-476d-a5dd-6bbe6fca8ca7"><span>Yoo Hye-Joo avoided a direct answer, perhaps wary of being recorded.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="c5a5aacb-70d8-4a15-9936-63e13cea5955"><span>The moment I heard her calm voice, I knew for sure she was behind this.</span></p><p data-uid="e5dd3534-cf93-49f0-b6fa-7bf8a9465f6f"><span>"Let's not play games here. I'd like you to fix the girls' lineup right away."</span></p><p data-uid="fcdd6831-08f7-4cd1-b71c-c309a3e55343"><span>-Don't be so harsh like that. I heard from Ms. Oh Jong-Mi that you were having some trouble, so I thought I'd see if there was anything I could do to help.</span></p><p data-uid="4778b081-fc27-49a9-82c9-091f950018ff"><span>I clenched my teeth in anger. '<em>Offering help when she was the one who caused the problem in the first place, huh? The audacity.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="87b1da1f-f52a-4b5c-bd03-0a7aa0896744"><span>"Help sounds great. So how exactly do you plan to help?" I asked nonchalantly.</span></p><p data-uid="48ca088d-475a-4cd3-82a2-3602427889e3"><span>At that moment, Yoo Hye-Joo's laughter deepened on the other end of the line.</span></p><p data-uid="0d407b11-0010-4143-ad71-26143f0d2bb5"><span>-<em>Hahaha</em>. This isn't something we should discuss over the phone. How about we meet face-to-face? I have a proposal, too.</span></p><p data-uid="147e391b-d4d2-4808-89d8-8294ec89efb6"><span>Aside from burying corporate scandals, JH Media was involved in a variety of activities. One of their core operations was hosting exclusive parties for corporate executives and their families, supplying celebrities for these events.</span></p><p data-uid="b1f25e0b-a39f-47a8-8b9d-848f35c4d989"><span>Yoo Hye-Joo's proposal likely involved sending some of my celebrities to one of those secret parties. They would pay five to ten times the usual appearance fee, but sponsorship offers often came up at these...</span></p>