---
title: "Chapter 855: Emergence Of A Strong Enemy (1)"
weight: 855
---
<p data-uid="5d9f6ec3-5379-4d8d-af16-074033ef6562"><span><span>Before the regression, HK Inc. had once ventured into the entertainment business. Their ambition was sparked by the rise of streaming services and the global popularity of Korean films and dramas, which brought in massive profits.</span></span></p><p data-uid="19001f99-d394-43d4-8ae8-44cb27db30ec"><span><span>Although the media criticized the move, accusing a conglomerate of overreach, HK Inc. went ahead undeterred.</span></span></p><p data-uid="81c22ec9-a15f-492f-8ea1-7b611aba0a98"><span><span>However, their entertainment business faltered from the outset. Despite investing 200 billion won to gather top talent across the board, the industry was a far cry from their previous lines of business.</span></span></p><p data-uid="22fbf25e-30f4-4c43-8428-b67a32e215b6"><span><span>The entertainment world revolved around people and HK Inc. never understood that. As a result, they clashed with stars—who lived off their pride—over the pettiest things and even ended up in lawsuits with their own talent.</span></span></p><p data-uid="bcd0cdee-c186-4fad-b531-354a5c4c6c45"><span><span>Eventually, many celebrities fled and HK Entertainment became a place to avoid. To make matters worse, a member of the owner's family sent from the head office kept causing scandal after scandal, hastening the downfall.</span></span></p><p data-uid="90fa75b5-770c-4e6e-822c-f7b226df25b3"><span><span>Because I had witnessed every step of HK's rise and fall in the entertainment industry before my regression, I had no fear about them starting the business again even if it was being led by Hong Moon-Gyu, the founder of the twelfth-largest chaebol in Korea.</span></span></p><p data-uid="1a01ad40-1641-48a1-9888-5029947df14f"><span><span>So I said this to Choi Eun-Tae, who was worried. "Mr. Chairman. In this business, choosing good projects is important, but managing people is even more crucial. But Chairman Hong Moon-Gyu won't understand entertainers in the slightest. Even if he brings in an experienced middle manager, I'm confident I can beat them. Please trust me."</span></span></p><p data-uid="a888a4df-859d-4c01-8387-fe18db74cdb5"><span><span>After a short pause, he replied. Choi Eun-Tae had some experience himself thanks to Hoop Entertainment.&nbsp;</span></span></p><p data-uid="2b6f1e53-2b8f-4df3-8aab-2e1d9f493193"><span><span>-If it weren't for President Kang Gam-Chan or you, I wouldn't have...</span></span></p>