---
title: "Chapter 40: Luxury Or Quirky (1)"
weight: 40
---
<p data-uid="08284682-eb36-4971-9a1b-7bac19537ec6">Yoo-Jin explained that her bad relationship with Ju Yung-In began when she first started taking acting lessons a year ago.</p><p data-uid="3f4f94e9-94bf-443d-8b87-f85e115dcab8"></p><p data-uid="f6979f71-6d7e-4390-8cae-cf2c84e59440">-I’m telling you, it wasn’t my decision. It was a special directive from Mr. Kang.</p><p data-uid="7e14f157-3702-4bbd-b4b8-4c679c735282">-I just don’t understand Mr. Kang. I don’t know why everyone is so hyped up about the Burger Queen’s Burger Maiden or whatever she is. It’s ridiculous to give special treatment to someone who is only here for a quick win and not in for the long haul. What does that make the rest of us who are seriously dedicated to acting?</p><p data-uid="9d3a9d1c-41e3-4b99-b426-049e02f2196a">-Yung-In, please be careful with your words. If Mr. Kang hears about this, he will…</p><p data-uid="339a3bc5-09b5-475f-a2c5-dd9e6ee6b52e">-So what if he hears me? It’s true that Mr. Kang’s judgment has become questionable—bringing in someone of unknown background…</p><p data-uid="fb67da3f-f7da-4340-a60c-c99f5781ba48"></p><p data-uid="cab223df-8598-497d-86e0-668b015fdd8c">Yoo-Jin let out a deep sigh as she recalled her first week at the company when she was harassed by Choi Hyun-Min.</p><p data-uid="5dcb97c9-a92c-4550-ba86-a5020fc31adc">“I’ll stop here. It feels pathetic to go on about it anyway.”</p><p data-uid="e1b285dd-0679-45cc-bb8a-43a6b2d777a4">From what I heard, it sounded like Ju Yung-In subjected Yoo-Jin to a level of bullying akin to Cinderella’s wicked stepmother. Yoo-Jin further explained that Ju Yung-In’s blatant interference even made Choi Hyun-Min neglect Yoo-Jin’s acting lessons.</p><p data-uid="ec0e600c-5de5-4881-915d-170e27e697d5">“Why didn’t you say something earlier? You didn’t have to keep quiet about it.”</p><p data-uid="831c7331-035d-4652-a8cd-0c510c48e99f">“I approached Talent Agent Yang Tae-Min, who was managing me at that time, asking...</p>