---
title: "Chapter 113: Winter After Spring? (2)"
weight: 113
---
<p data-uid="ba021317-02a7-43af-ad45-9a7d0348f2b2"><em>In the Name of God</em> featured a story of a young and passionate police officer, who was once the ace of the detective division, but got demoted to community safety officer for exposing corruption within the ranks. This officer would then team up with a rookie female prosecutor, who had the intellect of a genius, to catch criminals possessed by spirits.</p><p data-uid="76cd03e2-78ea-43c0-8d1b-10d53051ff6d">The role of 'Cheongmyung,' a young shaman that Yoo-Jin was set to play, was a pivotal supporting character assisting the two protagonists. Given that the narrative revolved around dealing with possessed criminals, Cheongmyung's role was central to the storyline.</p><p data-uid="28e602a1-9b3e-447d-8bfd-5a18fc275f5d">My lips began to curl into a smile. With a PD like Kim Sung-Woon who was known as the ‘viewership ratings hunter,’ a script by the hit-maker Lee Ji-Yeon, and the addition of Yoo-Jin, it was like forming a dream team.</p><p data-uid="289ec963-8d5c-485a-a6cc-264e30618bd0">"Congratulations!" I exclaimed excitedly.</p><p data-uid="da7f83a3-791a-474c-b261-1b8d5033b48f">"Thanks, but it's really not something to celebrate. I thought I'd take a break, but it seems the company couldn't stand to see me taking a rest so they handed me this project."</p><p data-uid="d6367786-45a2-4699-a3ce-a3300ede0cf8">"Oh, come on, you did well in the last project. That’s clearly why they entrusted this upcoming project to you. The higher-ups must recognize your talent, Mr. Kim."</p><p data-uid="7c3834e0-830a-422a-9e92-9cd24bc553fd">Kim Sung-Woon chuckled softly. "Well, I hope that’s the case. It was hinted that I might be the next PD for MBS's special drama, <em>Empress Myeongseong 2021</em>, which was the reason behind my wanting to meet you today. But things have taken an unexpected turn."</p><p data-uid="f910dd36-ca84-4878-91a1-7b1a6151e517">In that instant, it felt...</p>