---
title: "Chapter 516: Concert (1)"
weight: 516
---
<p data-uid="6c596dec-be9e-4d25-9d0a-ee9d2eee9a29"><span>A long line stretching for hundreds of meters still formed in front of the merchandise booth. This was because limited-edition light sticks, T-shirts, and hoodies were being sold exclusively at the concert venue.</span></p><p data-uid="be1ebfd5-dc6d-43c7-b65f-e1f7366d5890"><span>Suddenly, a scream erupted from the middle of the line. It was the sound of a high school girl in a white long padded coat being pushed by a tough-looking man in his thirties wearing a gray down jacket.</span></p><p data-uid="14bc547e-ae8e-49c1-b883-1220f58393de"><span>The man, fuming, glared down at the girl who had fallen to the ground. "What the fuck. Hey! Who said I cut in line?"</span></p><p data-uid="8fd20d18-cff5-49d2-94cc-9a391155b96c"><span>The girl looked upset as she protested. "Mister, you just pushed your way in a moment ago!"</span></p><p data-uid="539cdbb9-7bf8-4e8d-960f-b11da56dfcf9"><span>"You little brat, don't go accusing innocent people! Damn it!"</span></p><p data-uid="dd79be68-dbab-420f-8897-4836f9d33985"><span>It was obvious he had cut in line, but no one actively intervened since most of the people in the queue were young students or female fans.</span></p><p data-uid="24f1eb32-10ff-4aad-b91d-daed9c73ebb9"><span>When I instantly called for security through my radio, the security staff stationed on the outskirts responded to the call and started moving.</span></p><p data-uid="5109438b-3c89-4700-a08d-f3b55aadb272"><span>I put down what I was doing at the booth and turned to Lee Yung-Jin. "Yung-Jin, keep an eye on that guy. He's a reseller."</span></p><p data-uid="277aab51-facf-4239-a140-6b56c22eb359"><span>"A reseller? So he wasn't just a fan cutting in line?"</span></p><p data-uid="c3b1d2fe-0025-4cef-af2d-ea6f09d104bf"><span>"Just look at his expression. It's different compared to the other fans."</span></p><p data-uid="4365ae7e-4f79-4761-a201-18abaf33067c"><span>People who waited in line for an hour at a concert venue just to buy merchandise were usually devoted fans, and they were easy to spot. As soon as they heard that even some of the merchandise was sold...</span></p>