---
title: "Chapter 478: Hong Sung-Beom"
weight: 478
---
<p data-uid="a33a59dd-a559-4f41-9140-043eabc26b73"><span>I whispered, "Reverse Entertainment is backed by none other than Mr. Choi Eun-Tae."</span></p><p data-uid="297e527c-de00-4b9b-b0f9-bca691bf7581"><span>Kim Seung-Moon's eyes widened in shock. "You mean... Chairman Choi Eun-Tae of Myeongdong?"&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="4b241143-fbd4-429d-b446-2615f6dfbe68"><span>While Reverse Entertainment's president, Kang Eun-Gi, had no intention of seeking help from his father, Choi Eun-Tae himself wouldn't stand idly by if his son's company was attacked.</span></p><p data-uid="66fa8737-e98e-4fcf-a02f-3aa583da46fd"><span>"</span><em><span>Shh</span></em><span>. Keep this a secret."</span></p><p data-uid="8c76a17e-5fd8-4936-a50c-7d8ac5ab9d57"><span>Kim Seung-Moon hurriedly closed his mouth and nodded.</span></p><p data-uid="da043d40-9765-4e98-8375-83f535478f74"><span>I continued, "So there's no need to worry. And aside from that, I've prepared plenty of other measures."</span></p><p data-uid="74506493-0177-4544-b398-06582857972e"><span>While I mentioned Reverse Entertainment to ease Kim Seung-Moon's concerns, my real plan for taking down Hong Sung-Beom relied on the future events recorded in my planner.</span></p><p data-uid="665c8c47-dd77-4845-a883-31202ece5128"><span>[Everyday V12]&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="00c848b0-61f0-4108-a470-6c228b57ce1e"><span>[Date: January 15, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="549aed28-d495-41f3-bb4c-90f837b2fe71"><span>-11:00 p.m: Highlight Daily reports HK Apparel accused of slashing subcontractor prices (Meeting Agenda: HK Apparel ad discussion about Park Seung-Joo halted.)</span></p><p data-uid="81a33493-dc5f-4fbb-9b3b-263cc3d0a8d9"><span>[Everyday V12]&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="e3c65f30-fe8e-4478-92fd-37d2500772ee"><span>[Date: May 15, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="0fd9bea9-4866-4e29-a0b0-fac22f1f6b9c"><span>-11:00 p.m: Highlight Daily reports HK's Executive Director Hong Sung-Beom under investigation for inheritance tax evasion (Meeting Agenda: HK Apparel ad discussion about Jo Min-Sung halted.)&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="8117efd9-0dc0-40a9-8fe7-a2d5c2ea75c3"><span>Before the regression, allegations of price-cutting against subcontractors and inheritance tax evasion surfaced once Hong Sung-Beom became the president of HK Apparel. The prosecution was eager to act and opened investigations based on whistleblower reports as if waiting.</span></p><p data-uid="4fb3a2cc-09f7-45d7-b0d1-410b6988417b"><span>However, those cases ended with mere fines and suspended sentences because the prosecutors assigned to the cases had already been bought off by HK Inc.</span></p><p data-uid="b2bf220a-13c6-4241-928d-7c7f7799076a"><span>Each time, Hoop Entertainment's actors were caught in the fallout and halted advertising negotiations...</span></p>