---
title: "Chapter 724: Tie (1)"
weight: 724
---
<p data-uid="744d2c69-d6d0-468a-bd0f-bfe47fcd844c"><span>An MBS morning news segment was reporting, with subtitles, that Jinseong Inc. was entering the entertainment business. Even Jin Sung-Joon sitting beside me looked stunned. He clearly hadn't known about it either.</span></p><p data-uid="846eaa40-6683-4398-ae52-885d3e5996af"><span>Meanwhile, the MBS TV news broadcast continued to air.</span></p><p data-uid="45b4cc77-58df-4b41-9eee-23915642bbd4"><span>-This is reporter Jang Ji-Hoon, live at TNT Entertainment headquarters. According to sources, former Vice Chairman Jin Myung-Gyu and President Jin Myung-Hee of Jinseong Inc. have invested in the company. It appears Jinseong has acquired over 40% of TNT Entertainment, effectively making it a subsidiary. This move is expected to bring major upheaval to the entertainment industry...</span></p><p data-uid="ad1f2517-8279-4d69-a5a2-18df244fb66d"><span>At the <em>Hwaranjeon</em> filming site, Min Gyu-Ri had once mentioned that President Yoo Kang-Seok was looking to sell TNT Entertainment. And now, that very thing was happening.</span></p><p data-uid="bafcf125-7fd5-4646-93cd-ef2ed3163293"><span>Although Yoo Kang-Seok was still officially the president, with Jinseong Inc.'s two heirs having secured stakes, it was only natural for the market to interpret this as Jinseong entering the entertainment industry.</span></p><p data-uid="288cd5ce-0180-469c-bdad-073d951128df"><span>'<em>Well, I can't help but think the same. But calling this a gift, only to stab me in the back like this?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="fbf3b43b-9039-4c02-8cce-3a1b77f541f8"><span><em>Beep.</em></span></p><p data-uid="31816e9c-ecf7-498e-9e70-bb62876779cb"><span>Seok Han-Joong turned off the TV.</span></p><p data-uid="45d48efd-05d2-466e-a1fc-82d7ba6e9154"><span>I turned to Jin Dae-Woon and asked, "Is this what you meant by a gift?"</span></p><p data-uid="2ae1bcda-1a96-4d84-adf5-f8dfb3b0a3cc"><span>"I wouldn't insult you like that. Come on now."</span></p><p data-uid="487ca2c1-f670-4964-92cc-9de9c96815df"><span>"Then you're saying even you weren't aware of this?"</span></p><p data-uid="01367dce-87b4-419f-b984-d756171a52f5"><span>"That's right."</span></p><p data-uid="0574540f-1d21-448e-94a1-33c96608dadd"><span>I found it hard to believe, but there was no use pressing the matter. It was smarter to prepare for the fallout now. With TNT Entertainment's human network, its still-prominent...</span></p>