---
title: "Chapter 463: Scalper (4)"
weight: 463
---
<p data-uid="9d80978f-537f-45bb-8045-1d53324b45c1"><span>The seats for the '2020 Cherry Blossom &amp; Kang Ha-Na Joint Concert' were quickly selling out. Half of the seats sold out in just thirty seconds after ticket sale began, and reservations were being completed at a rate of 3% per second.</span></p><p data-uid="4d0cdeb7-17ea-435b-9215-14832f37c347"><span>Concerned by the rapid pace, I asked Lee Doo-Oh, monitoring the situation, "Doo-Oh, do you think scalpers are using macros again?"&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="85d2fd00-6e3f-4e50-a1c1-19a145dd52b6"><span>On Lee Doo-Oh's laptop screen, Ticket Park's reservation data was displayed. After checking, Lee Doo-Oh shook his head. "No, it's not macros. These are all direct bookings."</span></p><p data-uid="2ac903d7-2324-431c-995c-98017e230bb2"><span>Macro programs would react much faster than humans. But Lee Doo-Oh, who was tracking the speed, found no anomalies. This meant fans nationwide were completing payments manually.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="16922603-dccc-4255-a8c7-600c37586c43"><span>Still uncertain, I glanced at the large LCD screen showing a video call with Ticket Park's meeting room. Pyo Yeon-Ji and Eun Ji-Yoo were also visibly shocked.</span></p><p data-uid="79d17c9e-77bc-4ace-b81d-064d499f63b9"><span>"What's the situation on your end, Ms. Pyo?"&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="e3f1041a-272b-4e9e-a70b-717fe369ca03"><span>-Mr. Jung, we see no signs of macro usage here either. We've mobilized ten employees to review the data and it's all clean.</span></p><p data-uid="15786089-2f8e-4a2e-a52c-10841cb1b9a1"><span>Even Ticket Park confirmed there was no evidence of fraudulent reservations.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="e220abda-3fba-4d5c-ac51-869f3e10ebd8"><span>At that moment, Do Ran-Hee timed the reservation process and shouted excitedly, "95%, 96%... 99%, 100%! Mr. Jung, it's sold out!"</span></p><p data-uid="9f20eeac-5aa0-4e35-9664-9a2ed796990f"><span>I asked, "What's the time? Report in seconds."</span></p><p data-uid="d9729efc-dca3-46f6-8257-97c78144656a"><span>"59 se...</span></p>