---
title: "Chapter 364: A Ten-Million-Viewership Actor (4)"
weight: 364
---
<p data-uid="b4e3184c-2d32-4fcc-8caa-b73b414df2e0"><span>As I opened the door to the meeting room on the sixth floor of Hoop Entertainment, I saw Kang Gam-Chan, Kang Ji-Yung, and Bang Sang-Yung seated near the entrance.</span></p><p data-uid="240eef7e-4a42-4ff7-9867-0fbac6694e24"><span>Across from them sat Kang Sang-Soo and Gu Jung-Moon.</span></p><p data-uid="79ef3a74-c217-4186-83d9-556926cc9d16"><span>"Is this him?" Kang Sang-Soo asked.</span></p><p data-uid="88e51fff-d0fc-4b1d-8f90-87fa1e69842b"><span>Kang Gam-Chan introduced me, "Team Lead Jung, come and introduce yourself. This is Mr. Kang Sang-Soo from KOFIC, and this is Mr. Gu Jung-Moon."</span></p><p data-uid="823c58be-f831-4e47-8888-2a82570f0024"><span>"Nice to meet you. I'm Jung Yoon-Ho."</span></p><p data-uid="0eeb368f-2aec-437a-92a8-d94281a7a76e"><span>However, neither of them bothered to acknowledge my greeting. They immediately began pressuring me. "There's no need for a long conversation. Go see Mr. Gong and apologize right now. And figure out how to convince Mr. Lee Tae-Poong to star in the movie."</span></p><p data-uid="b2f07a0b-3724-4678-aeda-e1f35c0823a4"><span>Before I could respond, Kang Gam-Chan stepped in."As I've already said before, that won't be possible."</span></p><p data-uid="d4ae47e6-a5d8-432e-a303-3db06ecf98c2"><span>Kang Sang-Soo chuckled condescendingly. "<em>Hahaha. </em>Mr. Kang, our chairman personally asked for this to be settled. Don't you understand what that means?"</span></p><p data-uid="446a9276-6bcc-4856-a803-7da377832874"><span>I frowned. '<em>Personally asked? How ridiculous</em>.'</span></p><p data-uid="d7ca9224-a346-4df2-a738-68bb5c92833d"><span>They were abusing their power within KOFIC to disguise a blatant threat as a favor.</span></p><p data-uid="a53cfb74-2f58-43d9-bd12-68cc31a25654"><span>Just as Kang Gam-Chan was about to object again, I spoke up. "Tae-Poong already has his next project lined up. It's called <em>Jiri Mountain</em> and..."</span></p><p data-uid="2a60cd30-07e2-4559-a477-5e0634577f6f"><span>Gu Jung-Moon interrupted me with a sneer. "Isn't <em>Jiri Mountain</em> still just a script? You can push that back and shoot Mr. Gong's movie first."</span></p><p data-uid="74e7e7f0-0793-41da-b28e-7905d1581976"><span>Kang Sang-Soo also added another layer of pressure. "It'd be best if you cooperate. I'm tired today, so let's make this easy. Okay?"</span></p><p data-uid="5b6f8451-9024-4bda-bbdf-24f8bde9e6f5"><span>The reason these people...</span></p>