---
title: "Chapter 814: Yeon Bo-Ra (1)"
weight: 814
---
<p data-uid="a2b19c3b-3ba1-4f88-afc8-0c281b72b41c"><span><span>"Her name is… Yeon Bo-Ra."</span></span></p><p data-uid="8c5fdf47-0d92-4f7a-8698-f39cfd2582b5"><span><span>The moment I heard that name, my heart jolted.&nbsp;</span></span></p><p data-uid="44c2ccd6-132c-4649-b0a6-b6cdbe4c45ac"><span><span>The first time I met Yeon Bo-Ra was one summer day in 2025, four years later. Out of nowhere, Kim Dong-Soo showed up with Yeon Bo-Ra at Top Entertainment.</span></span></p><p data-uid="aa3fbeb7-0304-42fa-98a2-06bb48576a29"><span><span>Yeon Bo-Ra was a fragile-looking beauty with delicate features that naturally stirred protective instincts, and her eyes were always filled with a quiet sadness. The moment I saw her, I knew she had the potential to become a star. And sure enough, Yeon Bo-Ra immediately began drawing attention from viewers after appearing as a supporting actress in the morning drama</span><em><span> Sound of Waves.</span></em></span></p><p data-uid="da83a045-42e6-48c1-afd5-31806a476423"><span><span>However, the moment public interest started to gather around her, Kim Dong-Soo shut down the flood of role offers coming her way as if this much was enough.</span></span></p><p data-uid="a8173ce3-2cb2-43d7-bdcc-e13e853bb313"><span><span>So I requested a private meeting with Kim Dong-Soo, because I wanted to push Yeon Bo-Ra further as an actress. Nevertheless, Kim Dong-Soo rejected my suggestion outright. He told me he had other plans and that I shouldn't concern myself with her anymore.</span></span></p><p data-uid="2ffc1279-0cd0-4bed-a90e-a67e43b2ed3b"><span><span>Something felt off, so I immediately started digging into the background. That was when I realized the truth. From the beginning, Yeon Bo-Ra had been brought into Top Entertainment as a hospitality celebrity.</span></span></p><p data-uid="6c61dde4-c207-484e-b603-202f464a591b"><span><span>A hospitality celebrity was someone entertainment companies introduced when powerful figures or chaebol families needed a lover or sponsor. The company used them to curry favor with people in power. By borrowing powerful figures' influence, they planted other celebrities as leads in big-budget projects.</span></span></p><p data-uid="865a081e-5b7f-41c3-9dd8-ac58cc56fbe5"><span><span>In other words, instead of nurturing Yeon Bo-Ra as an actress, Kim Dong-Soo had blocked her growing opportunities because he intended to use her to further expand the rapidly growing Top Entertainment at the time.</span></span></p><p data-uid="daa9b7db-4f87-44f5-8bb0-608528cc5923"><span><span>However, Yeon Bo-Ra was different from the typical hospitality celebrities who...</span></span></p>