---
title: "Chapter 24: Flowers Bloom Even In Winter (1)"
weight: 24
---
<p data-uid="cf1a7050-d27a-4ec7-b5d1-7936011e1abd">“It seems like a good idea. Even though the recording would take up a full day, our schedules are relatively light until the college festival season begins in April when the flowers bloom. That said, it might be tough in the long run, but I’m sure we could manage for about three months.”</p><p data-uid="334d629e-de0b-4e35-8794-933832ed6f0e">Han Myung-Ho said that there shouldn’t be any problems if the recording is limited to just one day a week.</p><p data-uid="8440e5ac-7933-4a23-b957-c4eb264892a6">“Hmm. You really think so?”</p><p data-uid="0897ae86-4c64-441f-8916-cdc03c3028f0">“Yes. Also, Yoon-Ho said he had a good dream today. Given the good dream, I think the show will do well. I have a good feeling about this. Let’s get the girls on the show.”</p><p data-uid="9d356482-2755-4975-b871-53d52b9c4d80">It didn’t take long to convince Lee Dong-Min and Han Myung-Ho. The fact that Cherry Blossom had a pretty light schedule turned out to be an advantage in this situation. Moreover, it was evident that Han Myung-Ho trusted me deeply.</p><p data-uid="5490dd0a-37a5-43be-9667-c914c8938cc8">“Alright then. Team Lead Han, you stay here. Yoon-Ho, you come with me to negotiate the deal.”</p><p data-uid="3152b646-7d55-47a8-814d-7253d7cf29c5">“Me?”</p><p data-uid="0d2454da-954d-450f-b8b0-25b060c438e3">Han Myung-Ho smiled at my question.</p><p data-uid="30249fc5-3b5f-4c75-9fc2-e846b32ebea2">“Yes, you. I searched for Choi Eun-Hyuk and scoured the entire broadcasting station for the whole day but didn’t even manage to see his face. It seems like it’s your lucky day, so you make the move.”</p><p data-uid="4fa00568-1ea3-46fc-89bd-071fba14770b">Han Myung-Ho seemed to have high hopes for me.</p><p data-uid="a5f51a40-6ace-4b8d-a089-a44e06f0d199">“What are you waiting for? CNS Entertainment is also on the move, aren’t they? We need to be a step ahead. Let’s hurry and get moving.”</p><p data-uid="906dc31f-4691-45c6-afb5-c129393e3581">“Yes, sir.”</p><p data-uid="62782ba3-b870-4b6d-9142-844f1daa522d">I followed Lee Dong-Min who seemed even more...</p>