---
title: "Chapter 69: On Set (1)"
weight: 69
---
<p data-uid="033c5acc-f856-4067-9194-60f5ac8a9fa1">It has been three days since the crank-in of <em>Blue Sky</em>.</p><p data-uid="5e8635c1-9300-45fd-a8d4-cfef2f77fdd0">Today marked the start of filming episode two, featuring Yoo-Jin's first appearance. As I waited for Yoo-Jin while she was getting her makeup touched up by the stylist, I checked out the entertainment news articles that were filling the web.</p><p data-uid="5479de94-862a-4024-9f84-4c34d4896bf7">[<em>Blue Sky</em> Begins Filming!]</p><p data-uid="55f47468-be7a-46c2-9625-e97c59e4be2f">[The Fearless Rookie Writer Kim Soll-Ip of <em>Blue Sky</em> Aims to Surpass Her Mentor, Writer Lee Ji-Yeon.]</p><p data-uid="77cf3ef2-9066-4de5-ab6e-453cd46fdf2b">[The Heroine of <em>The Human Stories</em>, Jung Yoo-Jin. Will She Be the Heroine in <em>Blue Sky</em> Too?]</p><p data-uid="873947af-bec1-40fb-b3dc-475ab283e31b">[Jung Yoo-Jin, Overcoming Pain with a Bright Smile. Pledges to Repay the Excessive Love from Viewers with Good Acting.]</p><p data-uid="01d6876a-ddb7-415c-9478-da6f081eae7b">Most articles were favorable towards <em>Blue Sky</em> and Yoo-Jin. But as expected, Jang Moon-Ki had a different style.</p><p data-uid="ada73c70-7183-4a07-b1b2-ed9f4254c311">[Shocking! Jung Yoo-Jin: "Miso, actually..."]</p><p data-uid="7ba91d1c-eb6f-47cf-a426-7fa992b34812">[Exclusive. Jung Yoo-Jin. The Person She Loves the Most is...]</p><p data-uid="b91acbf2-521a-42b2-924e-548c987455ac">[Sensational Report. Jung Yoo-Jin. The Secret Location of her Mole...]</p><p data-uid="b123a67d-a316-42e1-9bd0-34a059e550b0">[Ranked No.1 for Best School Uniform Looks Among Korean Actresses!!]</p><p data-uid="cd54c137-e460-488a-a4fb-f8bdf0bf6018">Jang Moon-Ki had mastered the art of creating attention-grabbing headlines to draw the netizens' interest. Thanks to him, Yoo-Jin was currently topping the live search rankings. Fortunately, most comments on the articles were criticizing Jang Moon-Ki, not Yoo-Jin.</p><p data-uid="ab25d315-1964-4ef3-8715-dd55929354b2">(Comments)</p><p data-uid="2cab544b-bc1d-4c18-bb15-ce68e3a452ec">-Wow, Reporter Jang Moon-Ki,...</p>