---
title: "Chapter 57: Don’T Cry, Miso (1)"
weight: 57
---
<p data-uid="df2d116e-152a-4816-ad64-b8b7a33c492f">I ended up taking a sick leave the day after I met Choi So-Hye.</p><p data-uid="0b1fbcaa-f3da-47a6-b361-cd0688f88c97">"Those people are crazy. Do they think of alcohol as water or what? Ugh..."</p><p data-uid="3d56cd33-fc4b-4b13-b0ef-6281f810ea85">My body felt as though it had been relentlessly pounded by pain. Forcing myself up, I made my special hangover ramen with extra chili powder, bean sprouts, and dried pollack.</p><p data-uid="13140c4d-55bd-4a79-a699-b1eea8bfdefd"><em>Slurp!</em></p><p data-uid="e3a7ba47-eedf-446d-aa87-ea84782c3845">After inhaling the chewy noodles and the salty broth, it was time to have a bite of the perfectly ripened kimchi.</p><p data-uid="4f5b2814-0139-4e54-8456-e87f9746c552"><em>Crunch!</em></p><p data-uid="e0b9add1-6a75-4a3c-846b-fce3f9538dff">It was only after savoring the refreshing kimchi with the ramen that I finally regained my senses.</p><p data-uid="ab35772f-ffa8-4b56-a500-0c4323c31a06">"<em>Burp!</em> Thank goodness. I finally feel a bit alive."</p><p data-uid="00ce244d-f409-47ce-9d02-8d05e2cee82b">After settling my upset stomach, I immediately headed to a nearby cafe to meet with the administrators of Yoo-Jin's fan website from her Burger Queen part-time days, 'Cheonho-dong's Burger Maiden,' and persuaded them to help us with the news of Miso's adoption.</p><p data-uid="7faaab8e-2b71-42b1-aa83-9f31bd988c98">The meeting was a great success and the administrators immediately rolled their sleeves and got to work. As a result, the comments on the article written by Ju Kang-Yong began to fill up with posts from the fan club members.</p><p data-uid="841ec268-4867-45c7-91a6-a7740359a3a7">[Rookie Actress J's Private Life]</p><p data-uid="f6179264-b444-4ef9-87ff-c27973f939eb">-J's high-paying part-time job!!</p><p data-uid="cbd2d89b-fa6a-4f29-b446-a969b759401c">-Underaged Miss J earned 3 million won a month from part-time jobs—the backstory.</p><p data-uid="a1a16105-a034-4054-8f00-4e605bcb2bd7">(Comments)</p><p data-uid="fb2325bc-f62b-49e7-8775-3ca48566c563">-You referred to the actress as Miss J but you really think we wouldn't know it's Jung Yoo-Jin with that mosaic picture?</p><p data-uid="8d781fcf-965a-44b9-883f-f07e7c9ef620">-High-paying part-time job? LOL. What an attention seeker. Are you that hungry for the views?</p><p data-uid="5bbc8853-332a-4350-ae3f-12274ab5396a">-So what kind...</p>