---
title: "Chapter 168: Team Lead Promotion (1)"
weight: 168
---
<p data-uid="ff3bc60c-f144-472c-ba2a-dd926b264af7">As I arrived at the office, there was a notice about a promotion posted in the lobby.</p><p data-uid="d9316c58-7618-48f9-b0a4-7eda36fce983">[Team Lead Appointment: Actor Division 2, Jung Yoon-Ho]</p><p data-uid="ca21f879-dba1-4f32-85b4-837a8676b94c">My name was displayed on the LCD screen in bold calligraphic font against a stark white background.</p><p data-uid="64198b90-0265-4a53-a0dc-2a3c97b012ef">'<em>Finally... I'm a team lead.</em>' I thought to myself.</p><p data-uid="48280523-158d-4a31-aa9b-fe3060a89b59">I felt a lump in my chest and stood there for a while, staring blankly at the announcement screen.</p><p data-uid="bb6d66d3-98cf-4e78-a1a3-c2a18c84ba85">At that moment, talent agents from Actor Division 3 and 1 came up to me with sarcastic remarks, having seen my team lead promotion notice.</p><p data-uid="51944a6e-7308-4985-96a2-60e7eb08d463">"Must be nice to have high-ups pushing you, huh?"</p><p data-uid="1f8b4c21-1b35-4592-b385-dd4e49e8dffc">"Wow, some people take four years just to move up from assistant talent agent, but here you are. A team lead in your second year? The way our company operates is ridiculous."</p><p data-uid="8be26937-9642-4ccb-a3bd-df05303f5950">As expected, the reactions were more negative than positive. After all, a second year talent agent being promoted to team lead was unprecedented.</p><p data-uid="b81c75f4-cad8-4bb8-9978-2fab6d02b854">However, I humbly bowed to them. They probably thought I would get annoyed by the sarcasm, but I was not that easily shaken.</p><p data-uid="a3353027-f6fe-4a42-99b9-3e3f5e52c7e8">"I still have a lot to learn. So please, sunbae-nim, I ask for your guidance." I responded.</p><p data-uid="8ba65ec0-07fe-496f-8338-c392bd13b80a">The grumbling senior talent agents awkwardly cleared their throats and turned away.</p><p data-uid="6032274d-1f3b-4657-828d-c445c6bfba6d">"<em>Ke hem</em>."</p><p data-uid="3bfdfa20-faf1-4e74-b27d-aaea7bd3af98">I had anticipated such a reaction anyway. But I was confident that I could bridge the gap that had formed. I had experienced and faced these similar envious gazes even in my past life.</p><p data-uid="c6796f5f-046f-4acc-b1e2-d9d119fab376">'<em>I might look pretty naive, but it's my second go at life, sunbae-nim.</em>' I privately commented.</p><p data-uid="b1e173e9-1bdc-4b83-afd8-b1e26ae57183">Suppressing a smile that was threatening to break out,...</p>