---
title: "Chapter 182: What Is Acting?"
weight: 182
---
<p data-uid="181242e6-9757-4117-b6ce-2acafcac214e">If someone were to ask, 'What is acting?' the answers would vary wildly.</p><p data-uid="62b4d68a-dd27-428d-8a6b-b62e0f850abc">Some might say it's about representing someone else's life or bringing to life a character that exists only in imagination. Just as there are various definitions of acting, the answers to 'How can one act well?' are equally diverse—thoroughly analyzing the character, trying to experience what the character experiences, and more.</p><p data-uid="8e3f00cf-5214-443a-817f-f8337f36f7f7">However, there are those who transcend all conventional methods. Born with a remarkable and rare talent, they effortlessly pursue their desires without hesitation, as naturally as breathing.</p><p data-uid="da1e2cad-e2a0-4dff-8d0e-c26c685b4bc1">And just like that, Miso's talents were blooming right before my eyes.</p><p data-uid="c4022246-bd4d-473c-9b1c-8563a84bafaf">She waved a colored pencil topped with a Powertuff Girl figure as if it were a shaman's ritual tool. Jumping up and down, she danced with such joy that I found myself inadvertently nodding along to her rhythm without realizing it.</p><p data-uid="e7d85ead-bb66-41ce-9676-2757c6af8a69">At that moment, Miso's eyes met mine and she shrunk back with a startled expression as I sat on the sofa.</p><p data-uid="32b52514-a652-4b07-aae1-6c6f55ca2381">『M-Mom?』</p><p data-uid="c6691d91-fc60-4257-a8f4-21a65f9704f8">Miso was acting out a scene where Cheongmyung, who was performing a ritual and playing with spirits, was caught by Manshin Wol-Ah, a shaman who had hoped her daughter would not follow in her footsteps.</p><p data-uid="e6bec0e4-07ab-4033-be99-cf05abcadf7f">In the scene, the discovery that her daughter was also capable of communicating with spirits shocked Manshin Wol-Ah. Manshin Wol-Ah had warned young Cheongmyung never to mimic the shamanic rituals again. But lonely and longing for friends, the young Cheongmyung had once again played with the spirits and was...</p>