---
title: "Chapter 745: First Broadcast Of Project I.O.A (1)"
weight: 745
---
<p data-uid="c4920194-776b-4e0e-b9d7-9ccae791219f"><span>Before the regression, Go Eun-Seo had debuted in the girl group PEONY under Top Entertainment.</span></p><p data-uid="50ae6033-a4bf-4408-982d-fef8d71b4b83"><span>But before that debut, she was the very one who had disbanded five separate teams formed by the company. Whether it was greed over vocal parts, wanting the center position, or simply not liking someone, she caused conflicts and made each team fall apart.</span></p><p data-uid="2b280990-818d-43fd-b58b-a7ccda556559"><span>And each time, either her father Assemblyman Go Jin-Taek or her mother Han So-Ye, would show up at the company demanding a change in team members.</span></p><p data-uid="f3f1bf92-d79b-4883-bdbe-b36431b2149d"><span>The most unfortunate casualty back then had been Han So-Won. She had the leadership that Go Eun-Seo lacked, so the company appointed her as team leader. However, Go Eun-Seo didn't like that and kicked her out just before debut.</span></p><p data-uid="8684caf4-1cad-41f2-924b-2c139f30a98a"><span>And now, at this very moment, Han So-Won was placed in the same team as Go Eun-Seo as if fate itself were playing a joke.</span></p><p data-uid="07a2b048-6fac-4792-9836-36db8cd9209c"><span>"The contestants passing the Korean preliminaries for Team 1 are Number 1 Go Eun-Seo, and Number 3 Han So-Won. Please come up to the stage."</span></p><p data-uid="bec9d25e-917c-4449-bf6d-2ba06bce4031"><span>Each team was composed of four members—two from the Korean preliminaries, one from the Chinese, and one from the Japanese. The Korean members were the first to be announced.</span></p><p data-uid="7cba6806-6c8c-45de-97a3-ac591a767d8c"><span>At MC Kim Jung-Joo's words, Go Eun-Seo slowly rose from her seat. Her silky hair flowed down to her waist, she stood at 168 centimeters tall, and her skin was pale and clear to the point where her features could fade under the lights. Her beauty made her aura hard to ignore, but today her expression was stiff. It was because her father hadn't returned to the studio.</span></p><p data-uid="a58fbd54-19a9-4bb3-af96-18f388a481f1"><span>In contrast, Han So-Won's attitude was entirely different. The moment...</span></p>