---
title: "Chapter 822: She Was Beautiful Audition (2)"
weight: 822
---
<p data-uid="5f337dac-1c44-4a19-b931-05bc851c4d36"><span>The round-faced and bashful Han Soo-Bin blinked rapidly. She looked flustered, unsure why she was called ahead of her scheduled turn, which was number 50.</span></p><p data-uid="ff738ed9-540d-4c71-a4c9-d612925e7a16"><span>At that moment, President Shin Jong-Ki stepped in to clear her confusion. "You don't need to look so surprised. Our casting director just wanted to see your performance first, that's all."</span></p><p data-uid="8657fde3-c332-41a4-9b61-a518f127934a"><span>Han Soo-Bin blinked again. "My performance? Huh? </span><em><span>Oh</span></em><span>?"</span></p><p data-uid="d5ad56a4-dd44-4c99-9b22-b7bf7d00d9b9"><span>Realizing why she had been called up early, Han Soo-Bin stumbled over her words in panic.</span></p><p data-uid="d8e6d08e-3ec0-4563-ad4e-bd8e335a44ae"><span>Her dazed expression, like a bewildered new recruit, made the judges tilt their heads. They looked at me as if they couldn't understand why I had suggested comparing this unpolished applicant's performance at all.</span></p><p data-uid="d2061864-83f6-4588-9a25-86cfcac0d031"><span>However, I smiled gently and tried to calm Han Soo-Bin down first. "Ms. Soo-Bin. Take a long breath. Drink some water, do a bit of stretching, and try to relax."</span></p><p data-uid="cd5947c2-f385-4a34-b1c4-32caa82bc6c3"><span>Han Soo-Bin had a routine she always followed before acting. She would take two sips of water, inhale deeply, then do light calisthenics to ease the tension. It stemmed from a childhood jinx after a disastrous mistake during a school performance.</span></p><p data-uid="767cca62-5c85-439f-939d-25f71e098a65"><span>Because she had been called up suddenly and couldn't follow that routine, I gave her a bit of time to do it.</span></p><p data-uid="5f761366-8bc7-4ce1-98e5-5351f7118355"><span>"You must've been startled by being called out like that. Take your time. Settle yourself."</span></p><p data-uid="55fd4bf4-9c47-4bc7-8354-c240780272fa"><span>"Thank you."</span></p><p data-uid="3a6216fb-2f6c-45d2-9bdd-d59e60249312"><span>Glancing around nervously, Han Soo-Bin approached a nearby staff member and got some water.</span></p><p data-uid="85c6899d-6633-408b-8a9c-274f823ce1ee"><em><span>Gulp, gulp.</span></em></p><p data-uid="f1658bb5-624a-47b7-99f6-aadd021bf94a"><span>After drinking two sips, she took two deep breaths. Then, just as I remembered, she began doing light calisthenics in place like in a PE class.</span></p><p data-uid="d5252eca-98ce-4fc4-8d0f-bf18ae8b580f"><span>She muttered quietly to herself, "One, two. One, two."</span></p><p data-uid="87ebb34a-adae-4b67-81ae-822f123d1cad"><span>Cha In-Hye, standing beside her, gave a bewildered look that screamed, 'What is she doing?'</span></p><p data-uid="a993d31b-f112-4153-abf0-2cd1696425fe"><span>Then Yoo-Jin, sitting next to me,...</span></p>