---
title: "Chapter 178: The Hidden Truth"
weight: 178
---
<p data-uid="cd6347ee-e6a7-4925-b2d7-a7f9a0faeb71">"Did you really think I wouldn't know that you and Director Lee Gi-Cheol were embezzling funds for independence? I heard you've been gathering people too."</p><p data-uid="0a246d81-35e2-47dd-ba2d-a6ce48278384">Kim Dong-Soo swallowed dryly.</p><p data-uid="7e3baf7b-4ccf-4c7e-ae05-dd9ab15b388d">All sorts of thoughts flashed through his mind. '<em>How did Choi Man-Sik find out? Which jerk leaked the information?</em>'</p><p data-uid="03215bb0-bcb1-4d9a-82df-74b6c136325f">His head went blank, his pulse quickened, and his lips were parched. Thinking he had to deny everything, Kim Dong-Soo shouted, "N-no! That's not true, sir! How could I dare..."</p><p data-uid="4970ff40-273e-447c-a293-fb4551277ac4">"Stop the bullshit! I know everything, so stop making excuses. You should deceive only those you are capable of deceiving," yelled Choi Man-Sik.</p><p data-uid="add598f6-f352-43af-915a-3e66183ca7f7">Kim Dong-Soo's eyes began to move quickly. He had to do anything he could do to escape this situation. He couldn't let everything fall apart, not after how hard he had worked for the money.</p><p data-uid="e010f9fb-32ed-4253-9afb-1633153e8b76">But at that moment, Choi Man-Sik said something completely unexpected.</p><p data-uid="c17c7450-db73-4169-bc2a-ab79a8112709">"I'm not blaming you, so lift your head. The higher-ups don't know about this, just me. And I'll help you from now on."</p><p data-uid="1a650a5d-772f-492d-b407-131ea49daf9d">Kim Dong-Soo was confused by Choi Man-Sik's words. '<em>What? To forgive and even help someone who had misappropriated company resources?</em>'</p><p data-uid="c62484c5-c9d3-484b-94f8-eef7bda1ca97">This was nothing like the notorious and deadly Choi Man-Sik who was known as the viper of Myeong-dong.</p><p data-uid="ee913f51-c13a-4aa9-8ff0-9f7f1493276c">"But why would you..." Kim Dong-Soo asked.</p><p data-uid="e4286b94-4c61-4c49-9aa3-33e48002d81d">"As long as President Kang Kam-Chan is healthy, this company isn’t something...</p>