---
title: "Chapter 889: Haru'S Day (2)"
weight: 889
---
<p data-uid="1edce469-3ad1-4113-9424-a8457fe4654a"><span><span>"You're asking to see me now about the hospital loan extension? Weren't we supposed to meet in two days?</span><em><span> Ah</span></em><span>, I understand. I'll head over right away."</span></span></p><p data-uid="94d116cd-5987-405a-b681-bb54576d0c9b"><span><span>Director Kim Chul-Soo ran Hyo Nursing Hospital in Suwon. It seemed he had taken out a loan from a bank and was in the process of extending it.</span></span></p><p data-uid="0f0d1bff-8be7-4684-8ca3-4bd57e2114d3"><span><span>And then it hit me. Before the regression, there had been an incident when HK Entertainment tried to scout a celebrity.</span></span></p><p data-uid="87f6d3e4-a831-4812-aba5-e1aa4d5aa9f8"><span><span>At the time, Director Hong Ah-Yoon from HK Entertainment had attempted to recruit the popular actress Park In-Jung. However, Park In-Jung had rejected HK Entertainment's offer out of loyalty to her original agency, Big Star Entertainment.</span></span></p><p data-uid="ba3a35f4-1b05-4aca-a943-528e670650e5"><span><span>Instead of giving up, Hong Ah-Yoon had looked for another method and begun a setup. She arranged for Park In-Jung's youngest brother, who had been unemployed, to get a job at an HK Inc. affiliate.</span></span></p><p data-uid="d2cd530b-c626-45fc-a08a-97a0e3cf71fe"><span><span>Then, three months later, she sent Vice President Ha Ill-Kwon to Park In-Jung and began threatening that if she didn't transfer agencies, her incompetent younger brother would be fired. In the end, Park In-Jung moved to HK Entertainment to protect her youngest brother, who had been overjoyed to land a job at a major corporation.</span></span></p><p data-uid="e03f7dcb-f08b-4430-9243-7ef26b3254b6"><span><span>Grabbing hold of a family's weakness and shaking a celebrity through it was the specialty of the Hong Ah-Yoon and Ha Ill-Kwon duo.&nbsp;</span></span></p><p data-uid="71f9150f-db40-42e5-9187-d929d5693f88"><span><span>This was why I concluded that this suddenly rescheduled loan extension likely involved a scheme by HK Entertainment targeting Haru. For a conglomerate like HK Inc., pressuring...</span></span></p>