---
title: "Chapter 288: Changing Fate (1)"
weight: 288
---
<p data-uid="5637be8a-0c82-4772-b741-7ce1d1d403f9"><span>Ling Ling was 16 years old by Korean age.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="f9788735-ac5f-4241-a0e4-120b7729c3b2"><span>In my past life, Ling Ling vowed to ensure everyone remembered her sister after losing her in the earthquake. She did so by becoming the leader of the idol group, Girl Warrior V12, three years later, and rose to the pinnacle of stardom in China.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="ff3175ba-06a0-42f8-995f-a9b5449c89d9"><span>She reached her career apex at just 19 years old and expressed her longing for her late sister in her award speech, bringing tears to the eyes of netizens across China.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="4d07ad8e-3ea0-4bd5-8da0-dc02b782e803"><span>The next day, she shocked everyone by suddenly announcing her retirement and moving to Australia to live a quiet life as an ordinary person.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="d7c43e22-8c70-4385-8086-4074999e3a64"><span>Ling Ling's choice to give up a position coveted by many left a significant impact, making her a living legend in the entertainment industry.</span></p><p data-uid="f7a3e975-9577-48e7-9bf3-206fa8cb57c7"><span>However, perhaps due to the change in Lily's fate, Ling Ling's future had also shifted. She had come to Korea, determined to become an idol in the country she admired.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="68ee9a78-1151-40da-b807-fd694f039159"><span>Lily sighed deeply. "</span><em><span>Sigh. </span></em><span>Ling Ling can't dance or sing at all! She's just relying on her looks to try to become an idol!"</span></p><p data-uid="e4fff2f5-ec0b-47e1-8c7c-cd50ed6c847c"><span>As Lily continued to voice her frustrations, Wang Long stepped in to explain. "I told her you were the talent agent who developed Cherry Blossom and Lily suggested we bring her here to get a candid evaluation. I'm sorry for not informing you in advance."</span></p><p data-uid="739380e2-133b-4491-af7d-f0ef003d3f95"><span>'</span><em><span>What should I do?</span></em><span>' I pondered.</span></p><p data-uid="a8b10d85-6219-4644-b9fe-814ed49f1a5c"><span>It seemed Wang Long and Lily were hoping to dissuade Ling Ling from pursuing this path, but I knew that she would become the top idol singer in China in three years.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="0723573c-9f38-44f3-a101-3391fbeffee9"><span>Suddenly,...</span></p>