---
title: "Chapter 95: Time To Make A Decision (1)"
weight: 95
---
<p data-uid="44cc5c67-56bc-43c9-b9b4-ec32fa9bbdb3">The drama <em>Beauty in All Direction</em> would have a viewership rating of 21.5%. It was a work by Writer Lee Sang-Ah, and the female lead, Park Soo-Yeon, would end up bagging the MBS Best Actress Award.</p><p data-uid="b689c88d-ca6c-4993-b7c1-e6d5ac68ac69">Knowing the potential of this drama made me feel conflicted. After all, I was confident Yoo-Jin had the potential to stretch her acting skills and aim for more. But keeping promises with writers was crucial to staying in this industry. On top of that, I didn't think <em>Beauty in All Direction</em> would fit Yoo-Jin's filmography.</p><p data-uid="8a534f23-a4f3-4fcc-9ec3-e7619ca918fd">I concealed my regret and turned Cha Soo-Yeon down. "I'm sorry, but we're already in talks with Ms. Lee Ji-Yeon for our next project."</p><p data-uid="0a277588-806b-4174-ae5b-d3c2ec522733">"Woah, with Ms. Lee Ji-Yeon?”</p><p data-uid="2a63e204-c0dd-448c-bdf2-9aa0c8bc5257">“Yes.”</p><p data-uid="620e033d-d801-4883-8230-c875791fcb15">“Is it the one that got canceled recently?"</p><p data-uid="01fdb809-bd38-4fc7-ba82-c98373b12f72">"That’s the one."</p><p data-uid="84cf2584-3e45-4c8f-af46-21adcd959c13">Cha Soo-Yeon cleared her throat and stepped back slightly.</p><p data-uid="8798ae56-0feb-445d-bbdd-8fa84850a52d">"I guess we have to step back if the opponent is Ms. Lee. I'll let the president know. But please do meet with us at least once before you finalize your next project. You know we have several top-tier writers, right?"</p><p data-uid="506e0317-4ac3-4633-951a-435cc941ae50">"Yes, I know. And it doesn't even have to be a top-tier writer as long as the script is good. An actor’s success is not always determined by the writer's fame."</p><p data-uid="a242f609-61ca-4754-8236-e37c36439bd1">Cha Soo-Yeon's face relaxed a bit. "You know what you’re talking about. A drama's success may depend on the writer, but an actor's rise and fall is...</p>