---
title: "Chapter 565: Karma (3)"
weight: 565
---
<p data-uid="f308d1ec-5492-4db6-b04c-1b997cd17ec2"><span>After suppressing Oh Han-Guk, who posed a threat to his reappointment, Park Chan-Sik mobilized gangsters to secure the rights to <em>Haze</em>, a drama originally being produced by Mirinae.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="c47c0552-d66f-4e00-a725-276103bd6b0c"><span>This was the very project he had once personally canceled from the lineup.</span></p><p data-uid="5f5c8fa9-d9ad-42b9-b291-50be145618d8"><span>"President Park said he thought the drama called <em>Haze</em> would make money. So he told us to quickly collect the loaned money and bring down Mirinae. Then he suggested we make a drama together afterward. Our hyung-nim gave the okay," the source explained.</span></p><p data-uid="3bc50dcb-10ba-47b5-8429-be1b06e8edaa"><span>Han Yoo-Sik's eyes widened when he heard how Mirinae went under. Shaking with anger, he turned to me and asked, "Chief Jung. I'd like to do an interview with MBS right now. Can you set it up?"</span></p><p data-uid="7eb10a41-aa04-4b2e-87f2-1f27341d38dd"><span>"What kind of content do you plan to cover in the interview?"</span></p><p data-uid="16a68a01-11bd-438c-aa93-0b52ccb91af9"><span>"I know where President Park sent the embezzled money. If I speak up, most of the executives at KBC will be swept away. I've kept quiet to avoid collateral damage, but I can't hold back any longer."</span></p><p data-uid="39b7efb9-889a-42d2-8f11-50b0abe6c2a0"><span>"Understood. I'll contact MBS and arrange the interview right away."</span></p><p data-uid="297fd7aa-d8df-4dc4-bea7-34082d0d1f42"><span>Meeting Han Yoo-Sik to bring down Park Chan-Sik was the right decision. At that moment, Jang Ki-Ho from Daeheung Savings Bank pointed at the gangsters from the Myeongdong Rebuild Crew.</span></p><p data-uid="589e83dc-dc46-4679-ba2c-2deaafda16f3"><span>"Chief Jung. Things seem mostly settled, but what do you plan to do with these guys?"</span></p><p data-uid="2cf4f9ca-1fac-4476-b5aa-cb6a2bb2ce2b"><span>The four gangsters began trembling. Their eyes begged for mercy, claiming they had only followed orders.</span></p><p data-uid="158a2af7-eb35-47b0-9b65-b15d481b99de"><span>I said, "Since it's come to this, getting testimony from them could be helpful."</span></p><p data-uid="3ce3fed2-e3e6-4cb3-aea0-5221c9e91687"><span>All four quickly nodded. "We'll do as you say. Just… Please protect us from our hyu...</span></p>