---
title: "Chapter 196 Haru Vs Woo Sung-Chan (1)"
weight: 196
---
<p data-uid="b8ff3bfc-1f6d-413b-8e6e-95cce682231c">The relationship between a talent agent and a star was not that of superior and subordinate but that of partners and family.</p><p data-uid="e2c5e376-127e-4660-bef9-fd402882ef32">It was not uncommon for them to stick together for a lifetime once a connection was made, and there were stars who even bought homes in central Seoul for their talent agents when they got married.</p><p data-uid="bf183b8d-aedd-4dae-ae93-996de6d26f9f">And the talent agent, in turn, sacrificed everything for their star.</p><p data-uid="f2fdf699-38ef-4cc8-a42c-4ca389525d40">Even if they left the care of their sick parents to others, talent agents didn't hesitate to care for their star's minor illnesses day and night because that was the nature of their job.</p><p data-uid="5e0de314-be2a-4b79-bfcf-e3493b81d5cf">But when I treated the fans to a luxurious lunchbox and it hit number one on live search rankings, the company turned upside down.</p><p data-uid="70aab96b-9f94-4932-8332-e23054a30a29">Apparently, all the stars were pushing their talent agents so hard asking why they couldn't do the same. It was like when the neighbor's kid topped the school, every student in the neighborhood felt the pressure as their parents nagged.</p><p data-uid="da8dbb51-cdf7-47c2-9aad-03857d53b4c7">As talent agents troubled by comparisons to me came seeking advice, I planned to give them help while gradually making them turn to my side.</p><p data-uid="c2ec559e-2473-45f1-82f3-27bc13e3bd80">'<em>I didn't put effort into Cherry Blossom's event for nothing...</em>' I thought to myself.</p><p data-uid="3cd26e5d-bf7c-465f-9c76-74fac41567b4">"Feel free to speak, Mr. Yang," I said.</p><p data-uid="1382e7be-1f38-435e-99a8-57a088670077">Yang Hong-Seok from Singer Division 1 cleared his throat and asked, "<em>Ahem</em>. Team Lead Jung. You held this reverse fan support event recently, right?"</p><p data-uid="5d3e1dd1-955b-4ff1-be98-8a0f0e937580">I nodded. "Yes."</p><p data-uid="b2dbe0b1-82dd-4eac-8626-52cc658faac9">"How much did it cost?"</p><p data-uid="65d61f61-1cf6-4983-9277-f289ad66b4b7">"Why do...</p>