---
title: "Chapter 456: Han Woo-Hyuk"
weight: 456
---
<p data-uid="862afde6-2ef0-4305-bccb-b706504a1983"><span>At 183 cm, Han Woo-Hyuk was a tall actor who had pure skin and soulful eyes that made him a handsome leading man.</span></p><p data-uid="1e03af19-753d-408d-ab55-2e6ce1fa1af4"><span>But after three years of battling illness, he now had a noticeably thinner frame. His once-glowing skin looked dry and dull, and his complexion appeared pale. Though his hair had grown back, indicating he had finished chemotherapy, it was evident that his body had not yet fully recovered.</span></p><p data-uid="19518a78-5d1c-4bd5-9b79-b6ccd1e468f3"><span>Sitting beside him were PD Lee Seon-Chang of </span><em><span>Queen Jeong-Hee </span></em><span>and Director Gu Ill-Seon from River Entertainment. It was obvious they were in the middle of casting discussions.</span></p><p data-uid="835e1d5e-de66-43c3-8b83-488852b3925e"><span>'</span><em><span>Am I too late?</span></em><span>'</span></p><p data-uid="e24a159d-a765-4bd1-a727-32f43f786e49"><span>If Han Woo-Hyuk were cast, his contract with his current agency would likely be extended.</span></p><p data-uid="e0261c53-83fd-4176-aab7-a816ab51171c"><span>I erased any signs of nervousness and greeted them first. "Hello, Mr. Lee."</span></p><p data-uid="9ddffe09-9679-4f5f-aeb2-8deb6affe8e7"><span>Lee Seon-Chang, forty-five years old, was a veteran director specializing in historical dramas for over a decade. He was also known for his exceptional ability to guide actors and transform even rookies into skilled historical drama stars.</span></p><p data-uid="c763d82b-9cc6-4369-9bad-4a554f73d1fc"><span>Having seen me a few times at KBC, Lee Seon-Chang spoke to me casually. "What brings you here, Team Lead Jung?"</span></p><p data-uid="6361fb55-ef4c-49a3-9d72-4f01f61806fa"><span>Lee Seon-Chang was directing </span><em><span>Queen Jeong-Hee</span></em><span>, which was in direct competition with our </span><em><span>Hwaranjeon</span></em><span>. I couldn't reveal that I was here for casting purposes.</span></p><p data-uid="e1cb4416-99ff-490e-9906-940fd0773a42"><span>I said, "I heard Mr. Woo-Hyuk has recovered, so I came to see if we could scout him for our company."</span></p><p data-uid="cf2b8f65-7dd6-462d-b245-b9ac06b9e51f"><span>Han Woo-Hyuk widened his eyes in surprise. He seemed unable...</span></p>