---
title: "Chapter 227: Opportunity (2)"
weight: 227
---
<p data-uid="a1071415-edb0-4920-9bfc-60ed7c3f93f0">In my past life, Yetterang's stock price increased about 20 times within a year of being listed.</p><p data-uid="33378fd0-1a34-4009-8e7f-71877cb37d88">And Ahn Seok-Hoon was asking if he could pay for the advertising contract with those stocks instead of cash because they were short on cash due to the expansion of the new cosmetics production line.</p><p data-uid="4ac21ac1-24d3-4a38-bd2e-9fa1dc36cb38">It was an offer we had to accept no matter what.</p><p data-uid="b9fba833-7bb8-4342-a158-cd3de510cc81">But Kang Ji-Yung had a troubled expression. "While it's not unheard of for advertisers to offer in-kind payments, Hoop Entertainment has never accepted such an offer, Mr. Ahn."</p><p data-uid="874855d3-5dfb-47e8-99e3-66d460833bdf">"We understand it's a difficult proposal. But I'm afraid we might miss a golden opportunity if we wait until next month when our financial situation improves," Ahn Seok-Hoon explained.</p><p data-uid="e2c27320-6925-4f6f-9be8-cc8efc11dca1">Despite Ahn Seok-Hoon's persuasion, Kang Ji-Yung still looked troubled. While I was thinking about how to persuade Kang Ji-Yung, Yoo-Jin spoke up first. "Mr. Ahn, I have a question."</p><p data-uid="8d110cee-f225-46e3-a76e-a172675e122f">"Yes, Miss Yoo-Jin. Please ask anything you want."</p><p data-uid="79e6d8ed-d0f2-4181-b5d7-25389d6b24ca">"What is the brand name?"</p><p data-uid="f1004dc6-5eb8-4712-a0a3-28ce67b0eb57">At that moment, Ahn Seok-Hoon started talking about the new brand as if he had been waiting for this question.</p><p data-uid="84d237e0-948d-4487-a207-b7f1f0062528">"This product is planned to be released under the name Miso (美笑). It's a functional product that has UV protection as a basic feature, and also offers skin moisturizing and regeneration effects which is suitable even for women with sensitive skin."</p><p data-uid="79e46b3f-e343-472f-a2c5-12935b668be6">‘<em>So Yetterang has already developed a line of functional products,</em>’ I thought to myself.</p><p data-uid="754d9bc8-2f0d-4b3f-a992-e3c920e99af7">In my past life,...</p>