---
title: "Chapter 414: To Home"
weight: 414
---
<p data-uid="7956a32c-6656-43a2-8639-7ca2a280945f"><span>Deok-Bae woke up only after sleeping an entire day, hooked to an IV drip, and receiving nutrient injections at the general hospital in Gyeongju.</span></p><p data-uid="d68dd41d-dc6b-4f37-b986-756cdd63fcf3"><span>I was also passed out in the adjacent bed after being attached to an IV as I hadn't had a proper sleep after tirelessly assisting Deok-Bae with his acting practice nonstop.</span></p><p data-uid="66cfc096-453e-4ed8-b3ee-6526d67391bd"><span>Deok-Bae still looked visibly tired after waking up the next day. However, his face lit up at the thought of telling his younger brother about his successful audition.</span></p><p data-uid="9f505594-3458-4774-9f1c-e2f39fc4c9c1"><span>Since neither of us had any serious issues apart from exhaustion, we quickly completed the discharge process and headed to Seoul with Yoo-Jin and Miso.</span></p><p data-uid="eda422c7-8813-4657-b92b-8f936879a81f"><span>I needed to check on Han-Ul's condition, but more importantly, today was the day we planned to visit the house in Amsa-dong that Yoo-Jin's uncle had unlawfully seized.</span></p><p data-uid="5da25f95-523b-47fc-9afc-e9a9dc17b449"><span>We had planned to go as soon as the property title was transferred back to Yoo-Jin, but the house was in such poor condition that repairs took longer than expected. Only now were we able to visit.</span></p><p data-uid="1f12ae86-9457-408f-b9fd-86555d51088d"><span>After driving for several hours, the Gangbuk Seven Star Hospital came into view.</span></p><p data-uid="4277d429-cd0a-47f8-bf58-f0f7edc76296"><span>As we approached our destination, Deok-Bae who was sitting in the back bowed his head toward Yoo-Jin. "Noona, thank you so much for letting us stay at your house."</span></p><p data-uid="78c33faa-4dd3-4938-a61e-b1316413777d"><span>Yoo-Jin had graciously offered to rent out the restored house to Deok-Bae, Han-Ul, and their family.</span></p><p data-uid="d89b900e-46a6-4ba7-bc25-7e052f2dd12c"><span>Hearing Deok-Bae's gratitude, Yoo-Jin responded with a warm smile. "A house needs...</span></p>