---
title: "Chapter 418: Venue Booking"
weight: 418
---
<p data-uid="57791f99-ecdb-4a85-9106-9af0de3a0642"><span>The COEX Convention Hall DX had been the venue for ballad singer Kim Gi-Tae's year-end concerts for the past five years under Ace Entertainment.</span></p><p data-uid="bcc98f3e-65c2-47ab-bdee-b448beeef96a"><span>However, when they didn't book the reservation on the application day, we seized the opportunity and placed a deposit to make the reservation. We had planned to pay the balance today and finalize the remaining venue rental procedures.</span></p><p data-uid="2b1a8f23-9a89-473e-be0e-219f28fc59d2"><span>However, upon hearing this news, Kim Gi-Tae insisted on holding his concert there right away.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="3cbdf57f-7cb9-436b-bf00-6e91d2dea6f8"><span>As such, Team Lead Park Yeon-Soo, the rental manager, claimed there was a procedural issue and refunded our deposit to secure the venue for Kim Gi-Tae from Ace Entertainment.</span></p><p data-uid="5559a6bb-77c2-43c8-9ca4-20db7a39e97c"><span>This happened because Park Yeon-Soo was an ardent fan of Kim Gi-Tae. Nevertheless, I had a way to resolve this issue.</span></p><p data-uid="0bfb7387-22ed-42f9-b2d1-8bf37a2b10d2"><span>I knew a few things about Park Yeon-Soo's misconduct and what would soon happen to Kim Gi-Tae.</span></p><p data-uid="a69e6910-7f12-499f-819d-3bc6cce184f9"><span>[Everyday V11]</span></p><p data-uid="586c1b6a-f295-4cea-9a8c-0ef134a2b1cc"><span>[Date: November 23, 2020]</span></p><p data-uid="de8860c9-6316-4c04-aca9-cb3881fe2edf"><span>-09:00 p.m.: &lt;Entertainment Everywhere&gt; Kim Gi-Tae caught smuggling marijuana. Arrested.</span></p><p data-uid="36e3e8cd-5cb7-4f4e-872b-d6930b9317b9"><span>-10:00 p.m.: General meeting (Agenda: Kim Gi-Tae's December year-end concert canceled. COEX Convention Hall DX reservation failure by Hoop Entertainment).</span></p><p data-uid="49cc4412-fe0a-4d53-be06-55c0eb5d9183"><span>One week later, Kim Gi-Tae will be arrested based on testimony from his supplier and he naturally won't be able to hold his year-end concert.</span></p><p data-uid="668d4195-4826-4b49-9d6a-58cada185263"><span>In my past life, Hoop Entertainment had tried to secure the concert hall upon hearing the news...</span></p>