---
title: "Chapter 692: Show Appearance (2)"
weight: 692
---
<p data-uid="da4886e0-9957-4124-b0aa-7e7b4557bc5f"><span>When CP Baek Seok-Joo appeared, the waiting room hallway became tense.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="9383de48-059c-410f-bda4-d34fe1d78367"><span>He was the original planner of </span><em><span>The Omniscient Viewpoint</span></em><span> and thanks to this program, he was being called a candidate for the next department chief. But with talk of canceling a program that was like his own face, his expression was much sharper than usual. Still, the seasoned Baek Seok-Joo began by handling the scene before blaming anyone.</span></p><p data-uid="01e95ee8-7321-409e-ab60-39faa38aa469"><span>"PD Lee, turn off the camera first."</span></p><p data-uid="73fee602-3e8a-45a1-b823-9d1a4756d34b"><span>Baek Seok-Joo first gave instructions to Lee Seon-Ae, PD of</span><em><span> MBS Documentary 7 Days</span></em><span>.</span></p><p data-uid="e5e401ef-c526-4621-a782-01699751ff70"><span>Lee Seon-Ae protested, "Mr. Baek, our show's purpose is to capture real everyday life. Why would we turn off the camera?"</span></p><p data-uid="f2d45c86-f021-477f-8a67-41da6e773e39"><span>"Hey, PD Lee! If that airs, not just you, but your CP and even the department chiefs could be summoned to the president's office one after another. Want to shoot this program and then head to Antarctica for a documentary?"</span></p><p data-uid="8760c802-10b2-463b-afe2-5e502afa48b3"><span>At the mention of Antarctica, Lee Seon-Ae lowered the camera with a sullen expression.</span></p><p data-uid="177f10fa-fdd1-497f-8efb-656ab42a0404"><span>Baek Seok-Joo then began calming Yoon Joo-Yeon. "Ms. Joo-Yeon. If you do this to a rookie, it'll blow up with talk about power abuse. You know that better than anyone, so why act like an amateur?"</span></p><p data-uid="fcacd632-fdd6-4623-b789-92520d32a34b"><span>Yoon Joo-Yeon looked indignant. "If he had acted politely, I wouldn't have done this. But how could he get a bit popular and immediately act so rude?"</span></p><p data-uid="8161860d-2907-4e05-9574-d4bc012855a1"><span>Baek Seok-Joo half-listened and let Yoon Joo-Yeon's words pass. While Yoon Joo-Yeon had more experience and recognition, this week Deok-Bae was the most popular. In other words, Baek Seok-Joo was as concerned about Deok-Bae and my side as he was about Yoon Joo-Yeon. In show business, even a rookie was king if they had popularity.</span></p><p data-uid="f1c1e22c-6a07-4865-8afd-6c0341102e5a"><span>"Come on~ there must've...</span></p>