---
title: "Chapter 28: Promotion"
weight: 28
---
<p data-uid="f13e8122-00c3-4051-be28-a90ae28cf265">Sung Min-Suk of the publicity division continued to report on Yoo-Jin’s advertisement proposal while holding his tablet.</p><p data-uid="e04a4eca-19ac-43dd-8719-00132fc01671">“They offered 30 million won for a one-year contract?”</p><p data-uid="5b935e30-0471-4348-ae15-40168ac5bf4d">“Yes. It’s quite a good deal for a rookie like Miss Yoo-Jin.”</p><p data-uid="9635fe3b-e3d1-401b-a2b3-debef6f3003b">Not only Kang Gam-Chan but also Kang Ji-Yung and Gu Seong-Cheol looked pleased. Typically, the amount for a rookie actor ranged between 10 million to 20 million won for a one-year contract.</p><p data-uid="189d8ce5-3a47-4af9-82f0-4ef0147c684b">Furthermore, the opportunity to raise Yoo-Jin’s profile through a commercial was a positive thing for Yoo-Jin’s career.</p><p data-uid="047e2cce-ccb0-4c97-88e7-0bb9c9e4cc91">‘<em>30 million won isn’t a small amount, but…</em>’</p><p data-uid="ce1cb646-2ac6-44e8-9d64-8bcb3c508f72">Still, the me in my past life would have never accepted such terms. If I leveraged the fact that Yoo-Jin had received an offer from Lee Ji-Yeon, I could raise the amount to at least 50 million. However, everyone except me in the meeting room seemed content and inclined to accept Burger Queen’s proposal.</p><p data-uid="b96ea0d0-9c69-4efb-9580-7e4e3a684ee4">‘<em>What should I do? Should I just let it go this time?</em>’</p><p data-uid="d7a774ee-3336-4d95-aea2-6a142ad1c3a6">In contrast to my discomfort, everyone was busy smiling at the good news.</p><p data-uid="259d265b-2b4b-4989-9800-8e2cee5aa4df">“By the way, they said they are in a hurry and want a decision by tomorrow.”</p><p data-uid="653b2e3a-a9ae-44d6-a6d3-8d76d48f41ef">Upon hearing Sung Min-Suk’s additional comment about Burger Queen’s urgency, Kang Gam-Chan suddenly turned his gaze toward me.</p><p data-uid="70faaba9-c961-4826-9be7-a8afd89f5de6">“Let’s see. Yoon-Ho, what’s your take on this?” Kang Gam-Chan asked with a sly expression.</p><p data-uid="61e12978-25f4-40b3-ba8f-3edc1d0b74a8">“Um…may I speak my mind?”</p><p data-uid="07a26a3e-0303-4d31-8d0f-d20bdc07b5c6">“Of course. Feel free to say whatever you want.”</p><p data-uid="129db9d0-96de-4962-9f55-b1e1e8f99173">With Kang Gam-Chan’s...</p>