---
title: "Chapter 408: Jiri Mountain Filming Site (1)"
weight: 408
---
<p data-uid="53425005-a2a9-494d-9f5a-a248220c4622"><span><em>Creak.</em></span></p><p data-uid="2f2785a1-cfce-48e6-9641-06c72238ea90"><span>As I opened the door to Cheonwang Mountain Lodge and stepped inside, I saw a wood-burning stove in the center of the living room. Lee Tae-Poong and Go Jae-Soo sat across from each other.</span></p><p data-uid="0525c40e-ca73-4d9a-9176-ffded4ba8afa"><span>Although the filming was temporarily paused, the two were still immersed in their roles and glaring at each other.</span></p><p data-uid="439afd90-a53e-49ae-a979-0d7b48a31162"><span>As such, the staff preparing for the shoot couldn't greet Shin Jong-Ki properly when he arrived.</span></p><p data-uid="5bf3062e-8ed1-4ce6-9508-e75feae79407"><span>'<em>So they've already started getting into character…</em>' I thought.</span></p><p data-uid="785aa8f4-1e8e-4315-8f97-dfd7a3be7259"><span>The scene was so captivating that I quickly began recording them with my phone. At that moment, Lee Tae-Poong's gaze turned toward us as the people around him bustled about.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="c3f09305-4401-42f8-bff5-48f94c7e24d3"><span>I thought he would snap out of his immersion and greet Shin Jong-Ki. Instead, he simply spoke to Kang Si-Ah. "Oh, my daughter. You're here."</span></p><p data-uid="ffd3dd33-8eaf-4766-acab-80ea70071c8a"><span>The movie <em>Jiri Mountain</em>, which we were filming, was a disaster thriller about seven members of a university mountaineering club reuniting after ten years for a trip to Jiri Mountain.</span></p><p data-uid="d07ae25e-984e-4e7e-82d9-8f08092e20f2"><span>The plot continued with the group seeking refuge in Cheonwang Mountain Lodge during a heavy snowfall. There, their vengeful, psychopathic former member, Oh Myung-Jin, appeared, seeking revenge for events from a decade ago.</span></p><p data-uid="24749012-d384-4f49-b1ce-6c97dbdde29d"><span>In the movie, Lee Tae-Poong played the role of Kang Dae-Hyun, the mountaineering club's president from ten years ago. His character was a widower raising his daughter, Kang Yung-Ah, alone.</span></p><p data-uid="fe0f9005-66a5-42af-92c2-5d9ebfc46d56"><span>Worried about leaving his daughter...</span></p>