---
title: "Chapter 374: Evolution (2)"
weight: 374
---
<p data-uid="5860c2e4-e468-43f9-bcd6-ff5467c4bc98"><span>Scene 22 took place the day after the clash between the subordinates of the princesses, which happened due to the prophecy that two princesses would die if one of them ascended the throne as queen.</span></p><p data-uid="365be457-0414-4647-ad01-f21dd998ffa2"><span>This was the scene where the three princesses first recognized each other as enemies and it played a key role in driving the early part of the drama.</span></p><p data-uid="908509ce-674e-4f5e-bfa7-0c6e9317c0d1"><span>The role of the eldest, Jung-Hwa, was played by Yang Yi-Ji. It seemed like she had undergone special training from her mother, Lee Tae-Yeon, for three days as her lines aimed at Miso were laced with sharp thorns.</span></p><p data-uid="0525e0e3-c019-40d1-a1ed-305d81c15658"><span>Her emotions were clearly conveyed and her diction was flawless. It was a performance that far exceeded what one would expect from a child actor.</span></p><p data-uid="473b9ea4-331a-486e-b933-5958f31b1669"><span>At that moment, Miso also showed an equally surprising performance. Her expression was icy cold as she clearly recited her lines.</span></p><p data-uid="7be5d3ad-ec38-4c19-a3ec-e9a193498f80"><span>『When the flower of Gyerim blooms fully, the other two flowers will lose their light forever... Is it because of that prophecy that you're trying to kill me?』</span></p><p data-uid="7b6c6f89-e91c-47a3-b053-43a6f040131d"><span>Her acting restrained anger, but beneath it simmered emotions like a volcanic eruption.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="a715c7b2-157c-452d-b22f-2ce3f9a617fb"><span>Yang Yi-Ji stammered as she was taken aback by how much Miso's performance had changed in just three days.</span></p><p data-uid="66dc7d63-f0bd-4792-a61b-325895a53ab2"><span>『Princess Yu-Hwa... that's not what I meant...』</span></p><p data-uid="6e18e93a-1b28-42a1-98cf-21e35c1a6d1d"><span>Miso took a step forward.</span></p><p data-uid="82d7d257-0e1b-4745-bb84-9c1e033608e6"><span>『Go ahead. Dare put your hands on my people and I'll be watching you with my eyes blazing!』</span></p><p data-uid="ca27f767-b176-4ec1-abb8-37b291124e54"><span>Yang Yi-Ji's steady acting began to falter as she was overwhelmed...</span></p>