---
title: "Chapter 193: Joyful Wrap-Up (2)"
weight: 193
---
<p data-uid="848ae1af-aabe-4dc3-adf0-ed92b3e75a4b">"I'm nervous," Sae-Ri muttered.</p><p data-uid="171ef8a1-ef0c-45fb-8e28-98f90e6f8635">"Nervous? You, Sae-Ri?" I asked in disbelief.</p><p data-uid="8e55355e-2c05-4a75-8282-41d2eaac1a4b">Sae-Ri explained why Cherry Blossom had come to the recording studio in the middle of the night with a face full of worry.</p><p data-uid="a9f74be3-25a5-4600-a7d8-820204e1f4d0">'<em>They're nervous after staying as number one for nine weeks and likely to do so again this week?</em>' I remarked inwardly.</p><p data-uid="da76585a-b29c-411d-bb15-cf112d06aa2f">I glanced at Woo Yeon-Hee for elaboration, not quite understanding what Sae-Ri meant.</p><p data-uid="9769f662-be9e-4afc-8417-6e64409f78c2">Woo Yeon-Hee, also looking worried, continued, "We were worried if this might be the end for us. That's why we came to secretly listen to our next song."</p><p data-uid="488373c4-b4bb-4a3a-ae33-370fb7ea14d9">Eun-Ah joined the conversation. "To me, tonight feels like the last night of my life that I'll never experience again...I couldn't sleep."</p><p data-uid="721719f1-cb0f-49a7-afc1-efff14f4bcaa">As Eun-Ah had grown more confident, she spoke with a vocabulary and tone that were somewhat stronger than average.</p><p data-uid="fd457529-ec39-4b24-9eca-e6adc767883d">For this reason, I had advised her to think twice before speaking—and this seemed to be her filtered comment.</p><p data-uid="34663bad-0926-47a2-b91c-7a93427088c3">'<em>The last night of her life that she'll never experience again? If this is what she says after giving it a second thought, what on earth did she first intend to say?</em>' I couldn't help but wonder.</p><p data-uid="ff7750d7-baa2-443b-bbb1-fab1ad7edef7">But come to think of it, Eun-Ah had indeed occasionally shaken up the entertainment industry with her bold statements even in my past life. She had even confronted renowned directors if things didn't go right.</p><p data-uid="90a68489-aaa5-4004-b521-8727d32195d1">Sae-Ri spoke fast and pressed me for an answer as if rapping. "Oppa, oppa! Yoon-Ho oppa! Are we going to be okay? You said our next song is really good, right? Right? Is it really okay for us to rest like th...</p>