---
title: "Chapter 160: Everyday (2)"
weight: 160
---
<p data-uid="00688fda-d3b8-4741-9db9-ed5f35c04f89"><span>The 12-episode cable drama called </span><em><span>The Master of Mukbang</span></em><span> was a food-themed drama on TVM Cable that would achieve a 7% average viewership rating, making it the number one cable show in its time slot.</span></p><p data-uid="6d079c72-6ef4-4509-9f47-9909f02d76f5"><span>In my past life, 19-year-old Woo Sung-Chan from Actor Division 3 became a rising star overnight through this show.</span></p><p data-uid="f13b648e-35ac-499f-9fdc-ead0457071f7"><span>But when it was revealed that Woo Sung-Chan was the perpetrator in a school violence case, his brief peak of three months came to an end, resulting in his expulsion from the entertainment industry.</span></p><p data-uid="d2780045-06c5-478c-839d-e955845947cc"><span>The extent of the victim's resentment was evident when they posted a heartfelt plea on the Blue House's petition board, shocking netizens. And those records remained in my planner.</span></p><p data-uid="d1b6439d-74e6-457d-9eca-f94481171318"><span>Anyway, the audition requirement for </span><em><span>The Master of Mukbang</span></em><span> included being good at cooking. This was because the main lead had to film a cooking entertainment show called </span><em><span>Mukbang's Table</span></em><span> along with the drama.</span></p><p data-uid="eaa84ba4-82a6-4a54-964b-736eea2215c0"><span>Woo Sung-Chan met the criteria because his parents owned a famous Korean restaurant in Jamsil. But if it were Haru, I thought he would do even better than Woo Sung-Chan. While Woo Sung-Chan was undeniably handsome, he still fell a few grades short of Haru's striking looks. Furthermore, Haru's culinary skills were also superior.</span></p><p data-uid="bf1f1242-f29e-4f28-80ff-80a2fa2d0308"><span>Haru finally nodded his head after much deliberation upon hearing that he would be on the show next month.</span></p><p data-uid="c7d97cf4-3afb-4476-b716-210f6adeaf13"><span>"I'll do as you say, hyung."</span></p><p data-uid="c632efbc-e65e-4517-bed6-391cd33a91a5"><span>His tightly pursed lips showed that being assigned a task had motivated...</span></p>