---
title: "Chapter 631: Missing (6)"
weight: 631
---
<p data-uid="c3f13b1a-b75f-409e-bcc6-4420436d1da6"><span><em>Vroooom~</em></span></p><p data-uid="49bf272b-c499-4bf5-9be2-7409648c5455"><span>Choi Sung-Hyun drove away from the scene at high speed.</span></p><p data-uid="0393ccc6-9e57-4051-97a1-91b020fa0dab"><span>Park Dong-Joon stood there blinking in disbelief. "What? Wh-what is that guy doing?"</span></p><p data-uid="e7f32665-0c6c-4af7-a201-e0425432c60e"><span>Park Dong-Joon had told Choi Sung-Hyun to call in the forensics team and to instruct all the officers out on the search to return. But instead of grabbing his radio, Choi Sung-Hyun simply drove off.</span></p><p data-uid="72663fd4-f35d-4900-8610-cfa3e4814de3"><span>Since he had kidnapped Oh In-Beom, the employee from The Best Detective Agency who had been on surveillance duty last night, he must have realized I was investigating him. That could only mean he was now going back to destroy all the evidence.</span></p><p data-uid="de32e22b-24aa-4048-8be7-697984825216"><span>I decided to tell Park Dong-Joon everything. "Mr. Park, I believe Lieutenant Choi Sung-Hyun is a suspect in this disappearance case."</span></p><p data-uid="686d349c-4f53-4399-a5c0-03c47e8cdcf6"><span>Park Dong-Joon looked at me like I had just said something absurd. "What are you talking about? How could Lieutenant Choi be a suspect?"</span></p><p data-uid="e590f243-728c-4f06-ac3f-1acbf3a50584"><span>I played the three video clips I had received from Lee Soo-Chan. "Please take a look at this."</span></p><p data-uid="4a5cdf82-69b6-42b9-ad47-36ef088529d7"><span>In the first video, a man in a black raincoat was walking past a convenience store. Though the heavy rain blurred the camera lens, it was clear that he was walking steadily.</span></p><p data-uid="3c7d9c2e-9974-4ca0-9c51-0cefbdefab99"><span>"His stride... it's steady."</span></p><p data-uid="f59907f4-9e37-4713-9d78-e90da07d0c5c"><span>Park Dong-Joon immediately picked up on something odd in the footage. People under the influence of drugs or alcohol usually stumble, but the man in the black raincoat was walking quickly with his head down.</span></p><p data-uid="d2322775-072a-4888-a68d-eaff52477fc7"><span>"Just as you said earlier, this proves the man on drugs from before isn't the culprit. Now if you watch the next video..."</span></p><p data-uid="2c0c3e22-bee3-4f6f-94fa-1f0b4037090a"><span>In the second video, the...</span></p>