---
title: "Chapter 770: The Owner Of The Script (2)"
weight: 770
---
<p data-uid="7c6deca3-c76b-48a9-b733-60bf02a9e8d3"><span>As soon as I sided with Writer Wang Mi-In, Writer Choi Eun-Se's eyes shot upward.</span></p><p data-uid="e79ef71e-78f8-452f-9c30-ab0c0d974e52"><span>"Why is Chief Jung getting involved in something between writers?"</span></p><p data-uid="fc6f828b-b7b5-4273-94f7-4408591422b2"><span>Up until last week, Choi Eun-Se had been the head writer of <em>Talk Show! Entertainment World</em>, but because of me, she lost that position. On top of that, Wang Mi-In's debut episode had scored a whopping 15.5% in viewership ratings this week. It was a massive success. Naturally, Choi Eun-Se was glaring at me with open hostility.</span></p><p data-uid="c7efe4b1-ae32-4ed5-b815-9c593bae0201"><span>"I'm sorry, but I believe I'm involved in this as well."</span></p><p data-uid="9b060bfe-4aee-490c-a935-bb7b223715d7"><span>Saying that, I subtly slid my hand into my pocket and firmly pressed speed dial number 5. A vibration signaled that the call was connecting to MBS' PD Kim Sung-Woon.</span></p><p data-uid="1ae44bee-dfbe-4fa8-a1f1-bd3f3d31683c"><span>In truth, internal affairs at a broadcasting station hit harder when exposed from within rather than leaked to the press. That was why I intended to 'live broadcast' the situation here to Kim Sung-Woon, so he could spread the word within MBS.</span></p><p data-uid="e1cb0358-a4f3-4ee4-a124-4fe4d7257739"><span><em>Buzz~</em></span></p><p data-uid="56472259-a31e-44b8-9f5f-d902c24db8cf"><span>A buzz confirmed that Kim Sung-Woon had answered the call. I swiftly adjusted my hand in my pocket to minimize the receiver's volume so his voice wouldn't leak out.</span></p><p data-uid="548b1c7d-3945-47e0-af90-2a5f91aaeb4d"><span>At the same time, I began yelling loud enough for Kim Sung-Woon to hear everything clearly. "You came here because of the film script <em>She Was Beautiful</em>, which Ms. Wang wrote during her time at the MBS Broadcasting Academy, didn't you?"</span></p><p data-uid="2f89a0e9-ce52-4b4b-bda4-a6d329fe37cc"><span>"H-How do you know that...?"</span></p><p data-uid="802bbe8c-ca94-48da-825a-bdf291c8f547"><span>"And since that script is under contract with us, tell Mr. Go Gi-Dong to cancel everything he's done to steal Ms. Wang's script and turn it into...</span></p>