---
title: "Chapter 589: Bong Sook-Hee (4)"
weight: 589
---
<p data-uid="b70d29dd-e209-4ace-aee2-0dc5934f79b3"><span>Since outsiders weren't allowed into the secure server room, Lee Doo-Oh had to work from a meeting room, under the supervision of Listener's server programmer.</span></p><p data-uid="e6f22ba0-e673-4d66-9839-3149a38397bd"><span>But not long after, Lee Doo-Oh took his hands off the laptop keyboard and said, "Hyung, there's no trace of viewership ratings manipulation in this week's <em>Queen Jeong-Hee</em> broadcast."</span></p><p data-uid="f049f3b3-4828-4e3d-a418-f7064a7b82a1"><span>"What?"</span></p><p data-uid="f5241338-0971-4788-bc4e-7c7b697aaf75"><span>At that moment, Yang Gyu-Min shouted as if he had been waiting for this. "See? I told you there's nothing wrong with our server!"</span></p><p data-uid="210f37db-981c-4a3d-9fcc-36c5c96b474c"><span>The cornered Oh Han-Guk looked at me. "Hey, Chief Jung. You were so confident. What happened?"</span></p><p data-uid="e1cfb938-0212-41e8-972a-26dd7b539a02"><span>The fact that episode 4 of <em>Queen Jeong-Hee</em> hit 20.9% without manipulation surprised even me. But since Everyday's schedule entry hadn't changed, I turned to Lee Doo-Oh and asked.</span></p><p data-uid="57a1fe04-79ae-4c55-a2eb-ebdee09f0458"><span>"Doo-Oh, then instead of just this week's data, can you check if there's a backdoor in the entire server?"</span></p><p data-uid="e741c64f-691c-467a-b9d1-b2a65cd9967b"><span>"It's possible, but... I will need full access to the server for that."</span></p><p data-uid="a389ffdf-d7e7-4693-a648-5b721a2f11c5"><span>The server programmer from Listener, sitting next to us, immediately shook his head firmly. "For security reasons, we can't allow full access to the server!"</span></p><p data-uid="60ac341a-77ea-462e-bd58-d4bc8b71627e"><span>Yang Gyu-Min responded similarly. "You've gotten enough cooperation. What more do you want? We never did any manipulation, so let's end this here and get out!"</span></p><p data-uid="df5555ba-bc07-445c-adfb-a4980f3df749"><span>I said to Yang Gyu-Min, "Then please let us view only the viewership ratings data for the 2018 programs <em>Seoul Night Sky</em> and <em>The Barley Hill</em>."</span></p><p data-uid="01bb9b75-dbc0-4379-868a-8343425f60fb"><span>These two were handled by Bong Sook-Hee and had higher-than-expected viewership ratings.</span></p><p data-uid="52eb0117-0c11-478d-bec1-00b77d8de36f"><span>Yang Gyu-Min protested, "Oh, come on! Like anything's going to show up, huh? It's useless, I'm telling you."</span></p><p data-uid="7683f75c-5731-4113-a61a-01175f49e2a7"><span>I couldn't back down like this. If I couldn't uncover the manipulated...</span></p>