---
title: "Chapter 696: Eun-Gi (3)"
weight: 696
---
<p data-uid="7681d3ec-aa7f-46f1-a374-89e4847cde9b"><span>At the entrance to Sayuksin Park, the guys who got out of the four black vehicles began to panic when eleven more cars surrounded them from all directions.</span></p><p data-uid="7f773799-8e09-4d07-ba44-31d7ce272a16"><span>"H-hyung-nim, we have to run right now!"</span></p><p data-uid="04c8a98f-ca70-4e04-8a03-532116b567d3"><span>"You got wings or something? Where are we gonna run to?"</span></p><p data-uid="2d62e3fb-0c5f-4151-904f-631afc06c4a7"><span>"Damn it… we were the ones being hunted?"</span></p><p data-uid="10a2cc37-5d04-4d88-84a8-a1f0fdee7e6f"><span>I got out of the car alone and said to the guys still holding baseball bats and sashimi knives, "Why don't you quietly put down the bats and knives unless you want to be buried next to the Sayuksin elders?"<span class="footnote-ref" id="footnote-ref-ea38"><a href="#footnote-ea38">[1]</a></span></span></p><p data-uid="124bb891-a735-4d66-8f49-ea05e2e83f54"><span>At that moment, a rough-looking man in his mid-40s, who seemed to be the leader, shouted with a sashimi knife in one hand. "Are you fucking kidding me? You think we're that easy? Let's die together today!"</span></p><p data-uid="7f02e777-bcbd-4bdb-8335-3f9b5c924a89"><span>Then, the doors of about half the sedans opened and Kang Eun-Gi's guys from Reverse Entertainment got out all at once. Led by Lee Soo-Chan, they were all wearing thick bomber jackets, padded pants, and work boots, with leather gloves on their hands. Each one held a long baseball bat, the handles taped for better grip.</span></p><p data-uid="88b82d78-f000-497b-8f76-84c37ec1cd31"><span>And from another side, Choi Eun-Tae's bodyguards began to step out. They wore stab-proof vests with shields, armed with gas guns, expandable batons, and other more professional gear.</span></p><p data-uid="c5d1a163-406b-403c-981a-79ad37302039"><span>Our side had about forty people, while the other side had twelve. The difference in equipment was overwhelming, and our numbers were more than triple theirs.</span></p><p data-uid="6458360b-8097-4d11-a76d-bcb231b2d0e0"><span>I told our guys not to act rashly, then spoke to the attackers. "Tell me who's behind this. Then I'll persuade my guys to let you walk away unharmed."</span></p><p data-uid="52fa2868-0c98-4b7b-9d46-8ef011654b5d"><span>Kang Eun-Gi had been taking care of the boys with nowhere to go after leaving the orphanage. Because...</span></p>