---
title: "Chapter 721: Star Talent Agent (4)"
weight: 721
---
<p data-uid="513bb85f-9498-4a32-89e9-d50230e422a2"><span>My white knights—Jinseong Foods, LM Clothing, and CK Entertainment—had sent executives from their marketing departments. They knew how hard it was to reach me by phone when things got busy like this, so they came in person. And among them, Jinseong Foods had sent none other than President Jin Sung-Joon himself.</span></p><p data-uid="23aa1b83-abcb-4906-89e5-e8887fa60056"><span>At that moment, Kang Gam-Chan quickly gave instructions to Lee Yung-Jin, who had just brought the news. "Assistant Manager Lee, escort President Jin to the meeting room first. Ask the others to wait in the sixth-floor meeting room."</span></p><p data-uid="6d122992-d7df-46c6-9fc4-b467156f2438"><span>"Yes, sir!"</span></p><p data-uid="0cfc0b8d-73ae-4d45-b9f1-c9e87af226d0"><span>Once Lee Yung-Jin stepped out, Kang Gam-Chan turned to Kim Gwan-Woo. "Vice President, let's leave it at that. The advertisers came here themselves. It wouldn't look right to say no outright."</span></p><p data-uid="12b268db-2a27-44da-b99a-f0c8c7c92a1f"><span>In the entertainment world, advertisers were such powerful figures they were practically treated like royalty.</span></p><p data-uid="dfe6d916-528f-4f5a-ad3a-2542c4cc2f63"><span>However, Kim Gwan-Woo clenched his teeth and shook his head. "This actually works out well. Now all I have to do is convince them, right?"</span></p><p data-uid="445a2590-b680-480a-b2b8-29cbd2784afa"><span>"Hey. Do you really need to go that far?"</span></p><p data-uid="c39ccbac-3758-491d-b78b-0d2d6c071120"><span>Kim Gwan-Woo raised his chin stiffly. "Yes. Even if Chief Jung donates the entire advertising fee, the benefits he gains are enormous. Broadcast producers and advertisers hand out under-the-table perks all the time. And more than anything else, the problem is that Chief Jung is the only one constantly getting special treatment."</span></p><p data-uid="478528a9-09f3-4e66-ae75-77e804b1a09b"><span>"What did you say? Special treatment?"</span></p><p data-uid="4d970cbf-aec4-4e01-937c-f8aff28fe7c9"><span>"Yes. Honestly, I've been keeping my mouth shut out of respect for you, Mr. Kang. But do you know how much talk there is in the company about Chief Jung getting preferential treatment?"</span></p><p data-uid="8f20ea4a-bd99-49c2-a3fb-82cecc4c7b45"><span>Kang Gam-Chan exploded. "He's being rewarded based...</span></p>