---
title: "Chapter 594: Jinseong Hotel & Resort (1)"
weight: 594
---
<p data-uid="00125e1d-fde7-4962-b20e-248983944cba"><span>After meeting Jin Sung-Joon at Jinseong Foods, we headed to the headquarters building, which was attached right next to it.</span></p><p data-uid="8fefe9ef-9179-428e-8cc4-7c8bbd1f061a"><span>When we entered the lobby, unlike before, about ten executives from the headquarters quickly approached and bowed their heads.</span></p><p data-uid="13249ce9-d309-404b-9be8-8bafc08b94f8"><span>"We'll escort you."</span></p><p data-uid="73828447-4bc4-44db-b8b8-855e4d2f3bc6"><span>Currently, the first son of Chairman Jin Dae-Woon, Vice President Jin Myung-Gyu, was suspended due to a scandal involving a woman. And the second child, President Jin Myung-Hee, had just caused a major incident by acquiring a failing resort.</span></p><p data-uid="23620edb-13f6-47ed-b5d3-c4804fb46527"><span>In contrast, the third son, President Jin Sung-Joon, was thriving at Jinseong Foods, stabilizing the company rapidly.</span></p><p data-uid="a62133ed-2ac8-46dc-9e7a-ba902471b29f"><span>So some of the more perceptive executives assumed that Jin Sung-Joon was the next candidate for chairman and began to align themselves accordingly.</span></p><p data-uid="796b368e-984c-4485-a9a6-d87596227def"><span>However, Jin Sung-Joon looked at them coldly and said, "The entire company is in crisis, and you're coming here to greet me? Are you in your right minds? On a day like this, instead of trying to get on my good side, you should be focusing on resolving the situation!"</span></p><p data-uid="253f9bbe-b112-474b-ad36-0158ab23a32b"><span>At that moment, the executives gathered in the lobby started sweating.</span></p><p data-uid="ef13b112-4059-4905-bec2-015df32e2910"><span>"We, we're sorry."</span></p><p data-uid="4bc65b3f-3809-4f71-8e44-449c03002efb"><span>"We didn't consider that…"</span></p><p data-uid="0e391172-b07b-4254-9688-93b7df87a656"><span>Jin Sung-Joon raised his hand. "That's enough. If Mr. Chairman finds out, he'll be furious. Don't ever do something like this again."</span></p><p data-uid="3b600bcb-4235-42ce-a121-abbea5c01c90"><span>After speaking sharply in a charismatic tone, Jin Sung-Joon strode toward the elevator. Some executives seemed ready to follow him, wiping away cold sweat.</span></p><p data-uid="a1d8ae74-6371-4ec1-88e3-a5af66c5e6c8"><span>But...</span></p>