---
title: "Chapter 112: Winter After Spring? (1)"
weight: 112
---
<p data-uid="f63069d6-84a7-41c0-bc7a-3cb7998f828d">On April 30th, a special bonus was issued to all employees of Singer Division 2 in recognition of their contributions to the success of Cherry Blossom's latest album.</p><p data-uid="3b213c32-d610-4cce-8946-4ebc57d2aa4e">Of course, I was also selected to receive a bonus. But the amount deposited was significantly larger than expected.</p><p data-uid="1a5d1448-4464-4322-ab9e-5aa772118395">[Bonus Deposit: 30 million won]</p><p data-uid="02891062-7cbd-4ff0-8d55-0be859ede60a">[Total Balance in Mr. Jung Yoon-Ho's Account: 57,382,320 won]</p><p data-uid="c5ed276e-17d9-47e8-8ab1-8b345a8ae463">"What? One, two, three zeros...oh my goodness."</p><p data-uid="b65e5e14-c7a0-4c32-b101-8546f00d0e93">My account balance more than doubled in an instant. However, I eventually had to make a call to confirm, given the substantial amount of 30 million won after taxes. After all, the amount was several times more than any previous bonus I had received.</p><p data-uid="2543dca7-d837-427d-ae1a-465fb7708ab3">"Ms. Kang, it seems like the bonus amount deposited is excessively high. And I see that the taxes haven't been deducted either."</p><p data-uid="326713fb-954a-47a6-93f2-1d7ed3c1bc9a">-No, your bonus has been deposited correctly. President Kang has specifically instructed us to handle the taxes in advance.</p><p data-uid="b41de283-295b-4956-8695-4bd25d245e83">Kang Ji-Yung explained the substantial bonus and deduction of the taxes were all carried out under the directives of Kang Gam-Chan.</p><p data-uid="97ed5b99-014f-4056-b23d-3e9d8e60640e">While working as a talent agent, there were occasions when one had to navigate activities that tread the line between legality and illegality. This could involve managing under-the-table payments or handling expenses related to entertainment that fall into a gray area.</p><p data-uid="0eedce3a-eb5c-4e2c-b4d3-7460aaec2b9b">Minor infractions could simply be covered with corporate cards or listed...</p>