---
title: "Chapter 674: Malicious Intention (3)"
weight: 674
---
<p data-uid="85f9e844-cca8-4e09-a542-3d0c14799a3a"><span>Han Sun-Myung was the only son of HANS, a renowned mid-sized law firm in Gangnam run by his father and grandfather. He was so spoiled growing up that he didn't hesitate to speak informally to me, someone older than him. Of course, he was also upset because I called him Bong-Pil.</span></p><p data-uid="fbff4923-9ebe-4c41-85f2-597ac51b8f77"><span>"Fuck, what did you just call me? You son of a bitch!"</span></p><p data-uid="a3da8a90-7c53-4d7f-a124-e493bbf88b55"><span>Apparently, being called by his past name really got to him that he even spit out some rice while yelling.</span></p><p data-uid="ccf4c351-a1b5-4877-87b0-53eac3eb0ceb"><span>I tilted my head and said, "Why? That's your name. Bong-Pil. Han Bong-Pil."</span></p><p data-uid="b570d75c-9008-47d7-94c0-fd2cf426caa2"><span>Han Sun-Myung couldn't hold it in and jumped up with his fists clenched.</span></p><p data-uid="5e83eab9-3758-4864-9114-8b48fac55719"><span>'<em>What's the point of trying to erase your past? You can't even calm yourself down and raise your fist</em>.'</span></p><p data-uid="f212fdaa-c9de-40ef-8528-4ef4a7702001"><span>The moment Han Sun-Myung lunged at me, I reached out and pressed down on his shoulder firmly. As I pressed one shoulder, he lost his balance and sat right down.</span></p><p data-uid="eb6d2fd4-f963-4ed8-91e3-0dc6c3a2706c"><span><em>Thud.</em></span></p><p data-uid="e6b1a1cd-e031-4b34-a1ac-95326eb472a2"><span>"<em>Oof</em>."</span></p><p data-uid="69e80508-ddb1-448b-a7b7-7aca06baa831"><span>Han Sun-Myung winced, probably from his tailbone hitting the hard chair.</span></p><p data-uid="10ee13fb-0545-426c-b7e3-6b9a476a2b23"><span>"Don't act up and sit down. There are a lot of eyes watching," I warned.</span></p><p data-uid="4a1ce9f3-9385-4ef2-a7f7-16b3c4e294d5"><span>Just then, Chief Yang Sung-Taek, the talent agent from Ace Entertainment sitting next to me, scolded me in a low voice. "Chief Jung, what do you think you're doing? You're picking a fight with my actor right in front of me? And who's Bong-Pil?"</span></p><p data-uid="8f745a2d-b436-447b-8fc1-1f749efd147f"><span>I removed my hand from Han Sun-Myung's shoulder and faced Yang Sung-Taek. He seemed genuinely offended. His already sharp eyes narrowed even more.</span></p><p data-uid="b4e3ab20-e1d2-40ee-ba7f-df1952d17422"><span>I asked, "Are you really asking because you don't know?"</span></p><p data-uid="cd072083-2e3e-40eb-8c26-acedc6699392"><span>Han Sun-Myung's past probably got erased thanks to his lawyer father and grandfather, who sent him to the U.S. Considering they even changed his nationality to make him an American citizen during his escape-study-abroad trip, it was clearly professional work.</span></p><p data-uid="d9443e40-7988-4919-9f60-5bd051b0ead0"><span>However,...</span></p>