---
title: "Chapter 856: Emergence Of A Strong Enemy (2)"
weight: 856
---
<p data-uid="d5904bee-6472-4da9-b45e-c5b15253913b"><span>The moment celebrities started receiving public attention and offers from the industry, most fell victim to the so-called "celebrity syndrome." Praise and spotlight tended to lift people off the ground. Of course, there were exceptions—people like Yoo-Jin or members of Devoted—but they were rare.</span></p><p data-uid="a88d112f-2e0a-4ceb-9819-18b487f9627d"><span>Once the syndrome kicked in, they started thinking they were different from regular people and acting like royalty, making ridiculous demands.</span></p><p data-uid="4addaea5-2267-47eb-a1cf-542e484a9e0b"><span>These demands ranged from drinking only French mineral water, requesting to get their dressing rooms painted entirely pink, only feeding their dogs imported premium dog food, to even demanding that their salon director choose between them and another more famous celebrity.</span></p><p data-uid="4fdf005c-19e9-4c0b-b21d-ffe656050d5a"><span>They came up with the most absurd requests. However, there was a remedy when that happened. It was a bit harsh, but very effective. And that was total disregard—just like now.</span></p><p data-uid="a32cbe3c-a244-4635-a0a9-7c2b1f73435c"><span>"Snap out of it, Min Gyu-Ri. Looks like getting called the 'second Jung Yoo-Jin' has gone to your head, but let me burst that bubble. Yoo-Jin's not losing to you, not even slightly. And you know they're only calling you the 'CF Princess' because the actual queen of commercials is Yoo-Jin, right?" I scoffed.</span></p><p data-uid="d3dbc8b9-2ee8-4ab0-8ac5-dc9103e0df69"><span>Even though she was a rookie in her debut year, Min Gyu-Ri had managed to land about ten endorsements. It surely was impressive, but Yoo-Jin had scored nearly twenty. That was double.</span></p><p data-uid="7dcc5b5e-b067-4f41-804a-18a8bf7e165c"><span>And the gap only widened when it came to pay per ad. Yoo-Jin earned over 500 million won per deal. Min Gyu-Ri was paid about 150 to 200 million. There was a 3-to-5-fold difference per ad, which meant the total...</span></p>