---
title: "Chapter 626: Missing (1)"
weight: 626
---
<p data-uid="46ac9121-09cc-4ee8-b9cb-5a1445c5bf32"><span>-We hit a 5% market share in bottled water sales on the first day!</span></p><p data-uid="38b64708-765f-4b39-aa77-4431d402d6b8"><span>Jin Sung-Joon said in a joyful voice.</span></p><p data-uid="5508eb52-cc32-488c-af00-d15e48e821d9"><span>"Is 5% considered high?"</span></p><p data-uid="558bf27c-8058-432f-b71d-a1a44162ce0e"><span>-Of course! If the annual bottled water market is about 1 trillion won, that means about 2.75 billion won is sold per day. We sold about 1.37 billion won worth, which made our share around 5%.</span></p><p data-uid="384024ac-565f-4553-a32e-c80ce90a8603"><span>Jin Sung-Joon took a deep breath and continued.</span></p><p data-uid="1cb84484-84d5-433d-90af-f80720030a6e"><span>-And since we only released the 500ml bottles priced at 800 won, it means we sold around 170,000 units. And that was just on the first day. To be precise, the number came from sales recorded between 6 a.m. and 11 p.m., not even a full 24 hours.</span></p><p data-uid="06633c98-ed1b-453f-bb7d-fdb60b987353"><span>Because Jinseong Foods handled online sales directly, the numbers were reflected in real time. Retail stores were also reporting sellouts and placing restock orders. In other words, the initial shipment had almost completely sold out. That combined total made up about 5% market share.</span></p><p data-uid="b79fb12c-21bc-40d9-800e-08347c906828"><span>Thanks to modern logistics systems, Jin Sung-Joon said the numbers were 98% reliable and was visibly ecstatic.</span></p><p data-uid="5581d872-d4d2-460c-a904-d272dd499b7b"><span>Selling 170,000 bottles in just 17 hours was an incredible achievement.</span></p><p data-uid="a83aaef5-97f5-4794-925a-f9b9f0da6043"><span>"So basically, it's a huge hit."</span></p><p data-uid="782b297a-aa00-4f0c-b56f-ed2930c73cae"><span>-Yes. When LT Beverage launched Alps Water, the current market leader, it started with around a 3% share on day one. And they reportedly spent five times more on advertising than we did. Hitting 5% is practically record-breaking.</span></p><p data-uid="7ff10040-1463-4e8c-b380-980b0680bf91"><span>Because of Yoo-Jin's star power and today's commercial, we were already outperforming the launch...</span></p>