---
title: "Chapter 701: Haze Audition (3)"
weight: 701
---
<p data-uid="bab711a5-9db0-4c41-ad54-2761dfbce5f3"><span>The God Illyeong and God Wolryeong who appeared in </span><em><span>Haze</span></em><span> were beings worshipped as deities on the island of Yeonmudo. But in truth, they were vengeful spirits bound to Yeonmudo for over a hundred years.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="0b37b34a-f027-4288-8290-2310ae90af39"><span>During the Japanese occupation, a southern island shaman named Wolryeong realized his spiritual power had weakened with age and decided to use a last resort. He aimed to create a child spirit from a seven-year-old girl known to have strong spiritual energy, hoping to enhance his own powers. A child spirit could foretell the future during divination, and was also called a child deity.</span></p><p data-uid="ef49e961-331d-41ac-b7a8-1eb36017a907"><span>When the islanders of Yeonmudo heard the shaman had kidnapped a child and brought her to the island, they scoured the entire island to find her. However, by the time they killed Wolryeong and found Illyeong, she had just been murdered by Wolryeong. Pitying the dead Illyeong, the islanders built a shrine and held rites for her, while they threw Wolryeong's corpse into the deepest mountain pit to be eaten by crows.</span></p><p data-uid="fd04dd8d-a841-49a2-bf40-c8a3ac6e16b4"><span>Afterward, people began claiming they had seen ghosts on Yeonmudo—those ghosts were the sacrificed child Illyeong and the cursed shaman Wolryeong. Since then, the islanders have called them the God Illyeong and God Wolryeong, praying not to be harmed.</span></p><p data-uid="6934be27-6be5-4391-93ac-e042bade1615"><span>Strangely, the God Illyeong, a child deity, could only roam Yeonmudo when the sun cast shadows, while the sinister God Wolryeong appeared only when the moon cast shadows.</span></p><p data-uid="b75e0547-d148-46b1-b4d8-b622b336b5b7"><span>However, there was one exception. During one week each year, when the Great Haze event occurred, thick fog blanketed the island day and night, making it impossible to tell night from day. During that week, both ghosts could freely...</span></p>