---
title: "Chapter 402: Hwaranjeon Crank In (4)"
weight: 402
---
<p data-uid="2f1c57ef-d973-46cf-91fa-f35ead4a04a4"><span>"Did you eat something bad, Miss Gyu-Ri?" Yoo-Jin asked.</span></p><p data-uid="534f3c21-9a91-4eef-93b0-dc0a154d3e34"><span>Caught off guard by Yoo-Jin's direct jab, Min Gyu-Ri looked flustered. "W-what did you say?"</span></p><p data-uid="e2375069-5acb-4567-8604-5c66d560fd23"><span>With a polite yet pointed tone and a smile firmly in place, Yoo-Jin calmly reprimanded Min Gyu-Ri. "Having a competitive spirit is great, but stop coming over to pick fights with me all the time. It's not like your skills will improve or mine will deteriorate because of it, right?"</span></p><p data-uid="23da6c32-ca3f-49e0-9b27-e4b5b376ce1b"><span>Yoo-Jin continued, "Oh, and remember. There are a lot of sunbae-nims and observers here. Be mindful of how you act—one misstep could cost you everything."</span></p><p data-uid="849b7474-af10-426d-8a6f-089d91a9f450"><span>Min Gyu-Ri's brows furrowed as she glared at Yoo-Jin. "Miss Yoo-Jin... Is this who you really are?"</span></p><p data-uid="f53bbfed-c346-4ee6-aa0e-59de8eebea58"><span>Yoo-Jin scoffed lightly. "What kind of person would that be? Someone who mirrors the behavior of someone rude and disrespectful?"</span></p><p data-uid="7f6158d8-57b4-4b4c-b5b0-dff81c25b482"><span>From the beginning, it was Min Gyu-Ri who had provoked Yoo-Jin. Now that the roles were reversed, her frustration was clear with her temper flaring.</span></p><p data-uid="36751791-79b6-4f24-b3af-8ce825ecb856"><span>Min Gyu-Ri snapped, "I thought you were nice, but it turns out you've got quite a temper."</span></p><p data-uid="d5c0010c-aa03-47a2-bb6c-7fe89298e2fd"><span>"I do try to be nice unless someone crosses the line."</span></p><p data-uid="2de0597e-299e-4fe8-8019-fd97a8137558"><span>In my past life, the Min Gyu-Ri I knew would have grabbed her opponent by the hair by now. Seeing the growing tension, I hurried closer to Yoo-Jin and got ready to intervene.</span></p><p data-uid="e75f107e-3bd6-4cf9-97e0-c776563996ec"><span>Perhaps because of the nearby crowd, Min Gyu-Ri barely managed to hold herself back.</span></p><p data-uid="44d7d979-1368-4ba0-a165-b7c7d8b0e163"><span>Yoo-Jin maintained her bright, professional smile and began to wrap up the conversation....</span></p>