---
title: "Chapter 378: Go Jae-Soo (3)"
weight: 378
---
<p data-uid="074cf076-a7ec-42c4-86e3-880b96b9a5b3"><span>TK Entertainment's Kim Tae-Kwon had officially retired from gang activity and rebranded himself as a respectable businessman.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="dbb39f7c-e733-4f3b-a025-8545b3208f2b"><span>However, he continued to manipulate the Tae-Kwon faction from behind the scenes. Three years later, TK Entertainment would be investigated by the prosecution under the suspicion of laundering funds for the Tae-Kwon faction.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="854e3049-9f98-4528-93ed-63b800e3373c"><span>I was aware of this fact because I was managing a collaborative project with TK Entertainment for Top Entertainment at that time in my past life.</span></p><p data-uid="eba85ba8-35a7-4af7-adb0-92fa82d72258"><span>That very scheduled event remained in my planner.</span></p><p data-uid="9facb550-bf62-4055-b616-56014a8db934"><span>[Everyday V11]</span></p><p data-uid="6b223537-2116-459c-a7e8-25635b6f61c8"><span>[Date: November 10, 2023]</span></p><p data-uid="a0fe524d-b2a4-41ff-a7f7-1febe208ca47"><span>-10:00 p.m.: Team Lead meeting. (Meeting Agenda: Prosecutor's investigation into TK Entertainment Kim Tae-Kwon's money laundering. Persistent suspicions of him managing the Tae-Kwon faction. Review of joint investment projects with TK Entertainment.)</span></p><p data-uid="a5290a9f-c338-4e74-87e9-1e2c5affa65b"><span>At that time, Kim Tae-Kwon was questioned but was eventually cleared of any direct involvement with the Tae-Kwon faction. No evidence of money laundering was found, but TK Entertainment was fined for inadequate accounting practices.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="4c461dfb-aeb3-4a8d-9577-80358ad2c215"><span>I knew this incident wasn't enough to send Kim Tae-Kwon to prison, but it surely was a useful leverage point as he had been under investigation for nearly a year.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="68159547-abe7-4823-876a-b276ed8e54d1"><span>Mentioning this event, however, would mean preparing for a serious clash with him. So negotiation came first.</span></p><p data-uid="4cbd02fe-3df1-4bc2-9534-dbd340339326"><span>When asked about Go Jae-Soo's payout, I met Kim Tae-Kwon's gaze...</span></p>