---
title: "Chapter 109: Comeback Stage (3)"
weight: 109
---
<p data-uid="35e65f36-a4b2-4f40-8b56-3da19a4d52e5">"Miss Eun-Bin, what about Ms. Lee's hospital treatment costs?"</p><p data-uid="5d32371d-4338-4859-b00b-0e6f182ff92a">Just when Park Eun-Bin thought it was all over, her face twisted again in frustration. She definitely would have hurled more than just insults if the PD weren’t here.</p><p data-uid="65071517-e8f4-4b06-9fa7-b7356bcc7f21">"Fine, I'll pay! I said I'll pay!"</p><p data-uid="327edf10-0c97-44d1-b639-43a630990ce3">Ju Han-Soo looked at Ma Dong-Pal again and said, "Mr. Ma, make sure you take care of the hospital bills accordingly. If I find out that it’s not settled, I'll make sure this whole incident is known to all.”</p><p data-uid="bfe0e40e-3273-4dc9-bf58-854b326daa59">"Alright, alright," said Ma Dong-Pal hesitantly as he looked my way and said, "Assistant Manager Jung, leave your number with me. I'll transfer the hospital and cosmetic surgery costs to remove any scars right away."</p><p data-uid="6fdd106e-93c0-4c65-bd1b-063bd27761a6">"Thank you, I appreciate it."</p><p data-uid="ce24a096-dca0-485a-804e-1d7c13536a2f">Having gotten everything I needed, there was no reason for me to stay any longer.</p><p data-uid="5e631dab-aad2-4c15-b880-c657d3764656">“Mr. Ju, may we leave now? Ms. Lee should probably visit a hospital right away..."</p><p data-uid="fb2cf5e2-6c43-44b1-8680-4ce41dc8d86d">"Ah, yes. Let's head out together."</p><p data-uid="b38617a5-e68d-4386-9652-12081c893317">Emerging victorious from this ludicrous battle, we left the room where Petite More and Ma Dong-Pal were cowering. Ju Han-Soo again instructed the staff to keep quiet about the incident. Once the commotion died down, the staff ran around and resumed their hectic schedules for the broadcast.</p><p data-uid="d515a7cc-9aa0-4d8e-bad2-13800c71a99b">As we walked back to our waiting room, Ju Han-Soo casually struck up a conversation.</p><p data-uid="fab830eb-8572-423d-b27b-8f1720ea0223">"Your name is Jung Yoon-Ho, right?"</p><p data-uid="11b6b615-c768-4c7e-a196-4e2f09752999">"Yes, sir."</p><p data-uid="4f844458-a6e8-4cc3-a1b8-36021329f816">"You seem...</p>