---
title: "Chapter 755: Attack (1)"
weight: 755
---
<p data-uid="7a3f2c15-ddf3-4bc6-aa8e-696674c69830"><span>"Stay with Yung-Ho until this crisis passes," Choi Eun-Tae said.</span></p><p data-uid="62393101-f4f6-4e47-ba32-3a7e4db14459"><span>Choi Yung-Ho was currently the president of Daeheung Savings Bank, Korea's top savings bank, and also the personal bodyguard of Choi Eun-Tae. He was his most trusted confidant. And yet, the only condition under which I wouldn't be sent to Hawaii was having him by my side.</span></p><p data-uid="a6413784-7408-41d8-afd1-fa5ed848a177"><span>However, I immediately voiced my objection. "No, sir. If something were to happen to you because of that, how could I ever face Eun-Gi again?"</span></p><p data-uid="bf86c3f8-0484-4554-b959-aca583cb1529"><span>"It's fine. Jin-Ho, Jung-Ho, and Ki-Ho can take turns covering for Yung-Ho."</span></p><p data-uid="d4304d6d-190a-4540-89e1-cb874f550478"><span>All four executives of Daeheung Savings Bank were trusted men whom Choi Eun-Tae had taken under his wing since childhood. Vice President Ju Jin-Ho, Executive Director Park Jung-Ho, and Managing Director Jang Ki-Ho had once been key figures of the Daeho Gang that ruled Myeongdong.</span></p><p data-uid="a3beeea0-d889-43bf-bdb4-965b3349883c"><span>Nevertheless, even combining their presence couldn't compare to the weight Choi Yung-Ho carried. After all, Choi Yung-Ho had shielded Choi Eun-Tae from countless dangers on his rise to power and was a man known as the strongest fighter in Korea. If someone like that were to leave his side and come to me, it would leave Choi Eun-Tae vulnerable.</span></p><p data-uid="6d45fe0c-84c4-41a2-982f-6dd342672b24"><span>So in the end, I said what I truly didn't want to say. "What if Choi Man-Sik targets you, Mr. Chairman?"</span></p><p data-uid="e05fbebd-e8d7-4a39-863d-a6ed1500fa86"><span>Choi Eun-Tae shook his head. "You don't need to worry about me. Man-Sik won't come after me anyway."</span></p><p data-uid="63c3bc85-bb00-4c90-a504-b3f33a402faa"><span>"Are you saying that because you believe in the...</span></p>