---
title: "Chapter 223: Family (5)"
weight: 223
---
<p data-uid="3a22fe66-a59e-4c7a-a57b-f6a173aaa24f">"It looks like I should cancel the insurance. Choi Kang-Han betrayed me," said Kang Eun-Gi.</p><p data-uid="9f95297b-585e-4caa-a60b-d8d6b98140a8">Kang Eun-Gi, not one to be fooled, seemed to have prepared in case he got caught by Choi Kang-Han.</p><p data-uid="c302ecfe-3388-4ec9-8f09-061861047349">"Yeah, yeah. Okay. Hyun-Min, you gather the people who went out to the workplace and tell Dong-Oh to gather everyone in the Kanghan Entertainment parking lot. If anyone tries to stop you, tell them I ordered it. Then most will turn around. Yeah, okay. And send a few support members to my house to take out the trash," Kang Eun-Gi said over the phone.</p><p data-uid="afa84a05-fd2c-4290-a0a6-2593ffb6a1e2">After hanging up, Kang Eun-Gi instructed the two people with him, "Soo-Chan, you stay here and guard until the support team arrives. Dong-Hyuk, you come with me."</p><p data-uid="f0d25ec6-ccd4-4fe3-9792-4f6ece96e62d">Kang Eun-Gi was about to move toward the car with determined eyes.</p><p data-uid="dde1756b-aea2-4bbb-9841-2332e7ceb384">At that moment, I stopped Kang Eun-Gi. "Hey, Kang Eun-Gi. Stop right there for a second."</p><p data-uid="2020dad8-e616-4009-8466-6db8ce708afd">Kang Eun-Gi frowned. "What? There's no time."</p><p data-uid="9b46b442-baf4-418f-8be6-5918a61e37c4">I handed over the protective gear and stab-proof vest I was wearing to Kang Eun-Gi. "Time or not, put this on first before you go."</p><p data-uid="e8be516c-c45f-4231-a373-88eeb7aecb67">"I'm fine without them," Kang Eun-Gi refused.</p><p data-uid="84dee961-efc3-4d2c-822e-a5888a58147c">"Shut up and put it on quickly if you don't want me to kill you," I insisted.</p><p data-uid="e1a3c3de-c8b0-43e7-9a8e-d426b52f7f68">Kang Eun-Gi clicked his tongue. "Sometimes I wonder if I'm the gangster or you are. I can't quite figure it out."</p><p data-uid="c431ec8a-3590-43ca-ae16-b9334f54b02f">Kang Eun-Gi awkwardly smiled and quickly put on the gear I handed him. "I'm going...</p>