---
title: "Chapter 419: Helping Sae-Ri (1)"
weight: 419
---
<p data-uid="1ef53072-8beb-4155-843d-a62bccf31445"><span>The next day, I arrived at work and greeted everyone cheerfully. "Good morning~"</span></p><p data-uid="b6bd38de-250d-4812-8cd6-756d52935913"><span>I was brimming with energy this morning after eating three servings of Hanwoo beef last night.</span></p><p data-uid="2195c78b-ce19-4b0a-aa3c-889d69075d31"><span>Do Ran-Hee glared at me despite my bright demeanor. Even though I had told her over dinner that she would be receiving tens of millions of won as a year-end bonus, she insisted that was separate from the present situation.</span></p><p data-uid="0daa994b-cfad-47c9-a855-9523a9f099ae"><span>Now that we had secured the concert venue, it was time to coordinate with Singer Division 2.</span></p><p data-uid="79413cf6-85a8-4363-b426-7fe5712fbd7a"><span>A short while later, Lee Dong-Min arrived with Han Myung-Ho from Singer Division 2.</span></p><p data-uid="e7520504-7ebb-4683-8f33-b13c7e32f2b8"><span>When I informed them that the venue rental was finalized, Lee Dong-Min said, "Good work. We're announcing Sae-Ri's solo debut at the concert, right?"</span></p><p data-uid="61f96e6c-a271-463c-a60e-85d8d51dd4e8"><span>"Yes. We'll officially declare her solo debut while unveiling the tracks from the</span><em><span> Hwaranjeon </span></em><span>original soundtrack album."</span></p><p data-uid="05421020-f72f-4046-ae1e-597a4a10a654"><span>"The PR Division will have their hands full."</span></p><p data-uid="a55a03ad-213e-4a77-865e-5152ce61bd80"><span>Kim Mi-Hye shrugged her shoulders. "Just make sure I get a big bonus and I'll work like an ox."</span></p><p data-uid="03b0b3b3-6198-44a2-bac7-8cd136c860f1"><span>I gave her a thumbs-up in response.</span></p><p data-uid="560f626e-c3d2-4d1b-9998-52920f910409"><span>At that moment, Lee Dong-Min asked, "But do you think Sae-Ri can handle the pressure of her solo debut?"</span></p><p data-uid="b2f52b4d-db6e-499c-b6fe-6e594ac8932d"><span>"There shouldn't be any issues with Producer Kim Ae-Ran from Ye-Eum Planning. By the way, how's the acquisition of Ye-Eum Planning progressing?"</span></p><p data-uid="d08c894a-e95e-4521-9907-993cb61e7da7"><span>Ye-Eum Planning was the music-focused entertainment company Sae-Ri joined after Cherry Blossom disbanded in my past life.</span></p><p data-uid="9f302644-296f-4e16-b186-0e900e5bae8e"><span>Lee Dong-Min explained, "With only two singers and just President Ahn Ye-Eum and Producer Kim Ae-Ran as employees,...</span></p>