---
title: "Chapter 128: Last Day Of Shooting (1)"
weight: 128
---
<p data-uid="2a4e5499-bad7-42ef-82fe-82773c4c168e">Perhaps because I refused to go to Ace Entertainment, Ju Yung-In's shoulders slumped. Ju Yung-In resembled a kitten drenched in water with her sharp demeanor softened.</p><p data-uid="4166e636-900b-4ee0-9a86-159a1c204bd4">After wiping off the tears in her big eyes with a tissue, Ju Yung-In said in a defeated voice, "Yoon-Ho oppa, you won. So you don't have to be so wary of me anymore. I won't ask you to come to Ace Entertainment anymore."</p><p data-uid="018ac2f8-dc73-4c01-b122-74779d79b689">"Do you really mean that?"</p><p data-uid="297d62dd-22bf-431e-b61a-24f332b7d793">"Yes. But let's at least acknowledge each other and say hi when we run into each other. After all, you were my talent agent for a month. And it's not like I was trying to eat you up, was I?"</p><p data-uid="ac27eb54-bde6-4f4f-915f-c46ce66d5a1d">I agreed with Ju Yung-In as she continued to grumble. If I had said no, I couldn't predict how she would react.</p><p data-uid="783fa8b4-a5fd-4b13-b0b5-17a4e580dac1">But there was one thing I wanted to correct.</p><p data-uid="d668133f-2f93-41a4-8e3b-ebe28046ca29">"Understood. But I'm a bit uncomfortable with you calling me oppa."</p><p data-uid="75bdab20-57ea-488d-ae4a-6fe084585f60">Ju Yung-In frowned. "Ah, I don't care. I'm going to call you whatever I want!"</p><p data-uid="b87302e6-3ba1-4696-a450-0c50f6aea519">It seemed that she had no intention to give in on that point. But there wasn't much I could do to stop her if she insisted on calling me that.</p><p data-uid="42cc74fe-376c-4d79-8075-4146240875e9">"Alright then. Do as you wish."</p><p data-uid="263c59ac-4ad3-4ba2-9184-1eb6e6289bc7">Ju Yung-In complained and seemed annoyed by my attitude. The time it took for the soaked kitten to turn into an angry cat was merely ten seconds.</p><p data-uid="d74a79f0-ec61-4d34-beed-0099f53d9bb0">'<em>As expected. So much for her true nature.</em>'</p><p data-uid="80c5b852-7f75-4fce-a63a-c4656950f40b">Seemingly furious, Ju Yung-In gulped down the sparkling water she was carrying....</p>