---
title: "Chapter 243: Womans (1)"
weight: 243
---
<p data-uid="4ea60f83-5e55-439c-97ed-7c823137fcae"><span>Given the high standards of </span><em><span>Womans</span></em><span>, the quality of pre-interview questions was quite satisfactory.</span></p><p data-uid="5a23f4c1-0a83-4b41-bf81-c1d032fd7d9b"><span>[Pre-Interview Questions]</span></p><p data-uid="cf2744ff-d665-4832-837f-59039e83d7da"><span>(</span><em><span>Womans</span></em><span>) Could you please explain the character Cheongmyung you play in this drama?</span></p><p data-uid="0e6492ae-5ede-415a-a7da-fef674795af6"><span>(</span><em><span>Womans</span></em><span>) How do you feel about appearing in the drama with your daughter, Miso?</span></p><p data-uid="18afae2a-4e5e-4de0-ac70-4bf33f137a69"><span>(</span><em><span>Womans</span></em><span>) Writer Lee Ji-Yeon is known for being strict, but she chose you as her persona. What is she like from your perspective, having worked with her?</span></p><p data-uid="251fe483-4770-4e61-ae72-111d96e8c023"><span>(</span><em><span>Womans</span></em><span>) Despite being a supporting actress in all your works, you have enjoyed more popularity than the leads in other works. How long will you remain a supporting actress? Isn't it time to aim for leading roles?</span></p><p data-uid="d71e6bdd-92cc-4f4d-b0e4-d758473ce6af"><span>After carefully reading the questionnaire, I handed it to Lee Yung-Jin and Jung Sang-Bong.</span></p><p data-uid="c35c5f00-0ac3-496e-986f-2ee5c0ec785d"><span>Lee Yung-Jin nodded after reviewing it. "This looks fine."</span></p><p data-uid="425971e0-f12c-45e5-a201-1024d73f0536"><span>Jung Sang-Bong also showed a satisfied expression. "I expected the questions to be tougher since it's a women's magazine, but this seems acceptable."</span></p><p data-uid="206b133d-ca18-43af-b4d5-3160591a04be"><span>I nodded at their evaluation.</span></p><p data-uid="291c1103-b1e9-405f-a5db-38fa62c00ade"><span>"Their editorial independence is likely greater than most media outlets considering that they survived while other magazines disappeared. And the fact that President Jang Ji-Hye is the third daughter of Myungsung Inc. also adds to that."</span></p><p data-uid="c6ef43d4-ab34-416c-bf19-0f2856db8ebc"><span>"Then they probably won't publish tabloids either."</span></p><p data-uid="9ca68a7d-9bd9-4f00-ae57-0f856722b2de"><span>I nodded at Jung Sang-Bong's comment. "That's right. They consider publishing tabloids shameful. Their philosophy is to gather all the evidence and make it irrefutable...</span></p>