---
title: "Chapter 668: Counterattack (2)"
weight: 668
---
<p data-uid="1796d2f2-6587-4c5d-bf27-d3022d4b0d53"><span>"For two years, we'll offer a ten billion yen advance. Profit sharing from the concerts will be 70 to 30 with Hoop getting the 70. So please reconsider Cherry Blossom's solo concert and exclusive activities in Japan."</span></p><p data-uid="7f280c86-f028-40a4-9564-25ee65ba2b62"><span>CEO Hiroshi of AMOSE proposed a mega-deal that no other idol group would receive. He offered ten billion yen just in contract money alone, plus an overwhelmingly favorable revenue split.</span></p><p data-uid="ee789395-b55b-463f-b096-9ecc656a9bbb"><span>With a confident face, Hiroshi looked at me and the Cherry Blossom girls, clearly thinking this would be enough to win us over. However, I still wasn't swayed.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="29a2f3aa-c72a-4850-9b6a-743b8535f833"><span>Japanese activities should be based on success in Korea, and it couldn't be the other way around. And if we released an album in Japan and focused solely on concerts there, it would be a betrayal to the fans who had been with Cherry Blossom from the very beginning. It wouldn't be fair to not just the Hoengseong Girls High School's girls, but all the fans who had supported them through every step.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="9fa2aacc-f6b5-4305-98e8-1ac9860305a1"><span>And above all, I was confident we could earn even more than that.</span></p><p data-uid="b719daba-df84-4755-95ad-154910f4f655"><span>Just as I was about to say no, I noticed Eun-Ah and Sae-Ri's eyes widening. Sae-Ri got a monthly allowance of three hundred thousand won, and Eun-Ah got five hundred thousand won. So hearing a number that dwarfed their concept of money naturally shocked them.</span></p><p data-uid="6b36c17d-fbce-4cf3-97ec-b5e8be0d3ea4"><span>At that moment, Hiroshi, sitting across from us, glanced at the girls with a smile.</span></p><p data-uid="01cc920f-c7f9-4271-bd17-f69bee79d12c"><span>'<em>Oh? So that's your game, huh?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="210fc6a5-1131-413b-8609-7ed6149c3b21"><span>Hiroshi, who had built AMOSE into a publicly listed entertainment company on the Tokyo First Section stock exchange, revealed who his real targets were. Failing to sway me, he was now trying to tempt Cherry Blossom directly.</span></p><p data-uid="fb2c1d3d-d0a3-4edc-a9f4-6903443dd045"><span>I considered telling him to stop looking at the girls, but I shook my head. Even though Cherry Blossom had entrusted me...</span></p>