---
title: "Chapter 190: Leaving Bohol Island (1)"
weight: 190
---
<p data-uid="4e560a99-8674-4705-aba4-980d097fbf45">The turquoise sea began to part on both sides under a cloudless blue sky.</p><p data-uid="bb07eb26-2b7f-4a4e-a2ac-23297fe99631">As the pristine white sand beach slowly revealed itself, a long crescent-shaped sandy beach appeared before us.</p><p data-uid="ba394737-b371-44d6-8418-611b5b36feb8">The moment the beautiful sight of the Virgin Islands was unveiled, Park Bull-Chool disembarked from the boat and shouted, "AD Kim, please ask the tourists for their understanding. And AD Choi, could you ask the tourism office staff to control the crowd?"</p><p data-uid="8fc54f6d-8a47-481e-aea3-2b39d2151432">There were dozens of boats also preparing to dock. Since it was a major tourist destination, the assistant directors quickly disembarked to start controlling the crowd.</p><p data-uid="af0bc12d-e240-4216-ae93-61269dd52637">"We apologize. We'll finish filming as soon as possible."</p><p data-uid="4d4081c8-70c6-4621-9477-7fadfa5c7cf1">"It won't take long."</p><p data-uid="7d72e283-b486-4e45-b778-bd72b80c1d99">Thanks to the swift actions of the assistant directors, we were able to use about half of the Virgin Islands for our shoot.</p><p data-uid="dc8207d0-2e35-4114-b663-6a706befd6e3">The boat carrying Yoo-Jin, Miso, and other company staff also arrived at the Virgin Islands.</p><p data-uid="60b46476-0e86-4c45-9e1a-3270e2a0f4ff">However, seawater was surging in places where the water was shallow enough to touch the bottom.</p><p data-uid="8b0d75b5-b61e-42c0-ae58-8e9a1c2134d0"><em>Splash!</em></p><p data-uid="0b1d3184-e66e-43b4-ab09-71e8e2d9547d">I jumped into the seawater first and turned my back to Yoo-Jin. "Climb on."</p><p data-uid="0647c5bf-8122-4675-8004-d5df7fae4b50">"It's okay, oppa. I can get down holding my clothes," Yoo-Jin replied.</p><p data-uid="90d5b2c8-7a79-4d46-8cf1-59e4f435cbd3">"No, you're shooting in that dress. If the hem gets wet, you'll have to change clothes again," I insisted.</p><p data-uid="b0619ee6-13fb-4f7e-a625-036ba2afb9a0">Yoo-Jin...</p>