---
title: "Chapter 694: Eun-Gi (1)"
weight: 694
---
<p data-uid="a41fd0b9-4749-4a7f-9e8e-6d203436f597"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="4fcdd9a4-a18c-4902-b60a-c69107756500"><span>[Date: February 28, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="3ebf6339-ff01-4810-9eee-eed6c5e1a3fd"><span>[Fortune of the Day: Do not cross the sea. A farewell with someone precious awaits.]</span></p><p data-uid="cfd31aaf-e186-4470-accf-1587dd20499e"><span>In the current situation, this could only mean one thing. If I took the private jet to China, I risked losing Kang Eun-Gi, who was scheduled to be released as a special pardon tomorrow at 10 a.m.</span></p><p data-uid="f9dbf9d3-1655-4871-b08c-472ed4054ce3"><span>I didn't know exactly how it would happen, but I couldn't ignore Everyday's warning. Especially now, when President Choi Man-Sik and Assemblyman Park Sang-Gon were both intent on eliminating Kang Eun-Gi. I had to be careful about everything.</span></p><p data-uid="65d0ddfd-4e73-4b48-bd91-4470382ed121"><span>In the end, I had no choice but to politely decline Wang Long's proposal to visit his father in China to discuss the white knight matter. "Wang Long, I can't go see your father right now."</span></p><p data-uid="45338ff4-9f01-482b-be76-703a478d4c92"><span>A short while later, the judges from the Korean auditions for </span><em><span>Project I.O.A</span></em><span> boarded Wang Long's private jet to depart for China. When I told them I wouldn't be going, Wang Long and Lily both looked disappointed.</span></p><p data-uid="54590d00-b6dc-42cc-94e4-99658c8f49d1"><span>"Is that so…? That's too bad. Alright, I'll talk to my father about the white knight thing myself. If it's to help you, he won't back out."</span></p><p data-uid="4ab90434-485c-4077-9e87-d02fc10908cd"><span>"I'd really appreciate that. And please tell him I'm sorry I couldn't visit."</span></p><p data-uid="54bec07a-d589-40fe-b216-ddba17c8e8da"><span>"Got it. Then I'll see you next time."</span></p><p data-uid="1fa2a0b4-47dc-4bb6-9ab6-66829bea2027"><span>In any case, on March 14th, the date of the first live broadcast for </span><em><span>Project I.O.A</span></em><span>, Wang Long would be flying to Korea with the Chinese finalists on the private jet. I nodded at the thought that we would meet again then.</span></p><p data-uid="2c289be0-856b-49b1-a5ef-2532231bf743"><span>"Alright everyone~ let's wrap this up!" From the stage, Ji Yung-Sik began urging the staff to hurry.</span></p><p data-uid="98681ff0-5959-45c1-8d6e-9cabfe25a8a3"><span>With the Korean preliminaries...</span></p>