---
title: "Chapter 356: Ju Yung-In (2)"
weight: 356
---
<p data-uid="3b3a6a08-cebc-4160-9c8d-787d314f4120"><span>As we made our way to the Shanghai New Media Inc. headquarters in the car, I told Wang Long about the heavy request I needed to make to Wang Min.</span></p><p data-uid="1320012d-6d2a-4263-a02a-c05c51d9f232"><span>As expected, Wang Long seemed troubled. "You want to ask him to keep President Jiang Wei in check?"</span></p><p data-uid="5c68cf53-f022-4152-a29d-271786a5ee95"><span>I nodded. "Yes. My competitor, Chief Kim Dong-Soo, has teamed up with President Jiang Wei."</span></p><p data-uid="6053949c-b2ae-41c7-af44-17c390768132"><span>It would be a significant achievement if I could weaken the connection between Jiang Wei and Kim Dong-Soo. With Kim Dong-Soo's financial support drying up, he wouldn't be able to obtain information easily from Colonel Baek.</span></p><p data-uid="81524607-0b11-43f4-91b8-6d528a2ab2a5"><span>Wang Long frowned as he mentioned that Jiang Wei had the backing of a high-ranking party official in the Beijing faction. "Well... they're part of the Beijing faction..."</span></p><p data-uid="3c1caf7d-b5cc-47a9-9555-597b0bf05819"><span>In contrast, Wang Min belonged to the Shanghai faction which left Wang Long uncertain.</span></p><p data-uid="da64f03e-939a-4b57-9039-6e356ce452bb"><span>I asked, "Do you think it might be too difficult?"</span></p><p data-uid="10678410-b84f-4b83-8e69-d31333446b48"><span>Wang Long shook his head. "I'm unfamiliar with politics, so I think it would be best to speak directly with my father. If he can't grant your request, he'll suggest an alternative solution without hesitation. So don't worry about it."</span></p><p data-uid="2a205d0c-a1c0-4867-a5b4-c815e4200e31"><span>'<em>As if I could really not worry,</em>' I remarked inwardly.</span></p><p data-uid="427748a6-2abb-4725-b176-1a36ac9a7a6d"><span>He was just a deputy secretary of Shenzhen right now, but he would rise to the ninth rank in the Chinese Communist Party in seven years, becoming a contender for the presidency.</span></p><p data-uid="322c9593-35d8-43a4-b3c3-9ce839b2be0a"><span>Knowing the future sometimes felt like a heavy burden.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="9540ac4c-bc96-4ca2-8d4e-364b7ce92b7a"><span>Unaware of my circumstances, Wang Long smiled...</span></p>