---
title: "Chapter 541: Preview Battle (3)"
weight: 541
---
<p data-uid="a405f1c0-9d3c-4a01-8f2a-548f37c0ac67"><span>"<em>Hwaranjeon</em>'s first preview, minute one viewership ratings is 12.5%! It's a tie."</span></p><p data-uid="af81c3ff-2103-40d8-b348-8f5004a4bdc6"><span>Since episode 23 of MBS' <em>My Way Sisters</em> ended with a viewership ratings of 15.4%, the expected viewership ratings for <em>Hwaranjeon</em>'s preview had been 7.7%, which was about half. However, it scored a whopping 4.8% higher than expected.</span></p><p data-uid="399e6fe3-aff1-40b8-9228-8b6e8d9f0e30"><span>Casting Yoo-Jin and Miso as field reporters had been a stroke of genius.</span></p><p data-uid="cb1553d4-7469-479a-bf79-ac31b438d721"><span>At that moment, Ahn Soo-Jin, the youngest member of the directing team, couldn't hold back her excitement and let out a cheer. "Doesn't this mean most viewers kept watching? This is huge!"</span></p><p data-uid="c96c4598-82c0-4c8c-9622-d3cd27e4623a"><span>The other staff nodded in agreement, but Oh Bok-Hee didn't relax. "It's only been one minute. Let's wait a bit longer."</span></p><p data-uid="ddb08639-9b96-4d15-9b3c-2a3548666431"><span>Now, what mattered was whether viewers would stay until the end of the preview. Unlike full episodes, which tended to gain momentum over time, previews usually saw a drop in viewership ratings as they went on.</span></p><p data-uid="91a94edd-bce0-4ac7-9bcd-7c1db1bf0a4b"><span>While we were caught up in all the buzz, on-screen, Yoo-Jin and Miso were holding hands and playfully exploring the <em>Hwaranjeo</em>n set. In the footage, Miso spotted Song Ji-Hwan sitting on the palace throne and walked over, placing both hands to her forehead and bowing slightly. Her neatly braided hair swung forward and pointed downward.</span></p><p data-uid="125d0454-990c-481a-a35a-10ef6a339e8c"><span>『Your Majesty! I'm here!』</span></p><p data-uid="1d1a7ee9-2272-4644-89eb-d6143584c5b4"><span>Holding the mic, Miso acted her part, and Song Ji-Hwan responded in a charismatic tone to match her performance.</span></p><p data-uid="e04b4e44-4afc-4903-a322-4f5311d596e7"><span>『Oh~ my, my dear Princess Yu-Hwa. What brings you here today?』</span></p><p data-uid="69b0a1c7-31e9-4fd0-ba87-41138faa3e3c"><span>As the two performed a father-daughter...</span></p>