---
title: "Chapter 582: Baek Sae-Gi (3)"
weight: 582
---
<p data-uid="f13a9abc-3963-4cad-97dd-7c3e7a083310"><span>Kang Gam-Chan looked at everyone gathered in the meeting room and spoke. "And from now on, I'm thinking of making it easier for actors to change affiliations."</span></p><p data-uid="d583c0ec-c58d-49fb-b9b0-5585144b3968"><span>To the talent agents from Gwanwoo Entertainment, his statement was a thunderbolt out of the blue. This meant that even if I personally recruited an actor, they wouldn't be able to protest like this time.</span></p><p data-uid="9e519ccd-a613-466d-bebb-1fbb79f429e3"><span>The Gwanwoo Entertainment talent agents began murmuring. In the end, Baek Sang-Beom, chief of Actor Division 5, protested on their behalf.</span></p><p data-uid="f3089905-8e71-4543-92b1-bd8de5fffac9"><span>"Mr. Kang, please reconsider!"</span></p><p data-uid="7c09fa0c-cb1f-4cc5-a927-fe9518892033"><span>"Reconsider, huh... And why should I?"</span></p><p data-uid="da88caef-3071-40e1-98d0-f95744fa8830"><span>Baek Sang-Beom spoke without hiding his true feelings, his face hardening. "To talent agents like us, the celebrities we manage are our assets. If someone else can just take our assets, how can we be motivated to work?"</span></p><p data-uid="51f32744-628d-4f89-89fe-49bfd22a2614"><span>A cold expression spread across Kang Gam-Chan's eyes as he stared at Baek Sang-Beom. Baek Sang-Beom's attitude of treating celebrities like money clashed fiercely with Kang Gam-Chan's belief that talent agents were the ones who helped stars shine.</span></p><p data-uid="3e865266-66eb-49a4-8801-d0d4af39d815"><span>"Chief Baek."</span></p><p data-uid="95b9347e-7285-441d-a72a-1c24bda3592e"><span>"Yes, sir."</span></p><p data-uid="1394948e-e38c-4c6c-b52d-c71682382baf"><span>"Would it be okay if the stars you manage heard what you just said?"</span></p><p data-uid="ad28d1be-50d7-48f0-b0cd-a1eb8b960b6d"><span>When Kang Gam-Chan asked, the color drained from Baek Sang-Beom's face. It was obvious that his words could cause a huge stir if the actors heard them.</span></p><p data-uid="a121047b-0a76-4b1a-9888-144265a1ffad"><span>"N-no, that's not exactly what I meant..."</span></p><p data-uid="47cb8094-943d-499a-89c5-644e94efa77f"><span>Cutting off Baek Sang-Beom, Kang Gam-Chan didn't hide his anger as he addressed the other chiefs and team...</span></p>