---
title: "Chapter 254: Getting Rid Of Potential Danger (1)"
weight: 254
---
<p data-uid="5bad4592-3497-4207-ad6f-5825aa359285"><span>I arranged to meet Chief Secretary Ryu Shin alone at Evian, the most luxurious wine bar in Gangnam where I previously met Jiang Wei.</span></p><p data-uid="d5e78e2a-8d66-4e65-9e3d-25c24074f5d7"><span>I informed Kang Ji-Yung of the meeting location, in case anything were to happen.</span></p><p data-uid="428688e4-b53a-41d1-8f0e-540db6daf737"><em><span>Screech.</span></em></p><p data-uid="a1130d8f-fbae-478c-894f-365c69ee9819"><span>I parked the car in an alley and checked my planner as I remembered there was an incident related to Hwayeon Media Inc. around this time in my past life.</span></p><p data-uid="2f2e171a-9b2c-4653-ac14-27cd2df3e843"><span>[Everyday V10.1]</span></p><p data-uid="601c5c44-1fed-476c-ac8e-627dee207cb7"><span>[Date: August 18, 2020]</span></p><p data-uid="78db525c-6e25-4987-8442-95dc8a1f019a"><span>- 01:00 p.m. See off Team Lead Wang Rong of Shanghai New Media Inc. (SNMG). (Report: Broadcasting rights and publication rights dispute with Hwayeon Media Inc.)</span></p><p data-uid="15d8c701-66aa-43c7-9df6-e2ea2cfa0a18"><span>Around this time in my past life, I had built a rapport with a team lead named Wang Rong from Shanghai New Media Inc. who was on a business trip to Korea.</span></p><p data-uid="dae2d530-117b-44aa-a431-2e14b2260022"><span>Shanghai New Media Inc. was a huge player that dominated the Chinese entertainment market alongside Hwayeon Media Inc. Hence, I paid special attention to entertaining him.</span></p><p data-uid="8e9567b6-2308-45a2-b763-7b7044cf50c0"><span>Fortunately, Wang Rong and I became close quickly in a short time because we were both the same age.</span></p><p data-uid="c1e2db12-9642-4b50-a51b-146d2355bd24"><span>Thanks to that, I was able to get a piece of information from him on the last day of his visit. He said there would be a major conflict between Shanghai New Media Inc. and Hwayeon Media Inc., and warned me to be careful if I planned to collaborate with Hwayeon Media Inc.</span></p><p data-uid="29ffb6a4-4f9a-4374-bd10-a2e3b0c20d24"><span>As Wang Rong was the son of a top-level official in the Chinese Communist Party,...</span></p>