---
title: "Chapter 209: Actor Division 3"
weight: 209
---
<p data-uid="f8c387cd-e6d8-4e16-ab5a-44da2aba572b">"What a shame. I could hear the noise about being lowballed on appearance fees all the way outside the room. You do realize this is why people say we, TVM, are cheap, right?" Jo Eung-Cheon remarked.</p><p data-uid="06af3372-cef0-4335-988e-7925f1d21122">Director Jo Eung-Cheon of TVM was known for his lively personality and would later become the president of TVM, famous for his straightforward negotiation.</p><p data-uid="1f017538-ba3b-4c03-a529-5d6e192b7e74">After reading my message, Kang Ji-Yung bypassed even the directors and brought over one of the real powerhouses of TVM.</p><p data-uid="a333634c-32bb-403e-b2b7-f83f77752cc3">"Hello, Mr. Jo," I greeted him.</p><p data-uid="12bf673f-ac81-422a-84fc-e98cd0eddd16">Jo Eung-Cheon looked my way and smiled slightly. "So you're the famous Team Lead Jung who's been doing well lately. It's nice to meet you. But just give me a moment."</p><p data-uid="34dcefd9-10c7-40e1-81d2-5b42f7f3020c">Jo Eung-Cheon then pressed Kim Tae-Chon once again. "CP Kim, what are you going to do? I heard the audition was cut short because you liked the actor so much. So why offer such a low appearance fee? I told you to moderate the undercutting, yet this habit of yours has emerged again?"</p><p data-uid="02e675d9-fd7f-402e-835e-a516d56c3182">Kim Tae-Chon began to sweat and started making excuses. "But Mr. Jo, even if he has potential, Haru is still young and a complete rookie..."</p><p data-uid="759ebf16-da02-4656-b696-53c9136989cd">As Kim Tae-Chon's explanation dragged on, Jo Eung-Cheon's face further contorted. Despite the constraints on appearance fees, offering only 500 thousand won to a lead role was absurd.</p><p data-uid="3082b515-0e5a-4475-bd53-12b5f9bc437c">In fact, with such fees, it would have been better not to be chosen as the main lead at all.</p><p data-uid="afd36df6-b9cc-4228-b83f-fb9273dd0167">"Look here, CP Kim. Rookie...</p>