---
title: "Chapter 823: She Was Beautiful Audition (3)"
weight: 823
---
<p data-uid="0adec66a-a848-4d37-8c8d-31843811c01e"><span><span>『...Feels like the world's yours now that you're a star, huh? But what do you think'll happen once the world finds out the filth you've done? You? A star? Don't make me laugh. Now that I'm back, you're nothing more than a death-row inmate waiting for the clock to run out.』</span></span></p><p data-uid="3fdd4469-d4cf-4fb5-b7af-c3ea075d6a16"><span><span>Before the staff on set could even react in awe, Yoo-Jin had already sunk fully into the role of </span><em><span>She Was Beautiful</span></em><span>'s lead, Han Bit-Na. With a chilling intensity, she stared straight at Han Soo-Bin and radiated pure hatred as her performance began.</span></span></p><p data-uid="e091a245-1d97-483b-9449-8bc466aa6e0c"><span><span>However, to everyone's surprise, Han Soo-Bin didn't falter. She only dove just as deeply into her role. As Yoo-Jin, possessed by the fury of Han Bit-Na, accused her of being behind the car accident, Han Soo-Bin instantly transformed into Lee So-Mi, paralyzed by terror.</span></span></p><p data-uid="be518338-9b07-4601-b068-8bebf379234c"><span><span>At that moment, Han Soo-Bin began trembling violently. Her eyes darted around as if rocked by an inner quake. Then, Han Soo-Bin started gnawing at her left index fingernail.</span></span></p><p data-uid="c90e1ba5-7d1a-41dd-9517-c491389589fa"><span><em><span>Crunch, crunch.</span></em></span></p><p data-uid="e98cca7e-22e3-4e1e-9e15-d283ef47c2f4"><span><span>The sound of her nail cracking under pressure echoed through the audition room. The judges looked on with fascination.</span></span></p><p data-uid="9508d9f4-56b7-4861-bdff-0bdf84be9291"><span><span>-Is she really doing that?</span></span></p><p data-uid="73bcbf7b-19b5-469c-b2ef-7d8254f35a9f"><span><span>-</span><em><span>Who</span></em><span>a~ is she really a rookie? She's nailing this character.</span></span></p><p data-uid="921c7bf2-b644-4e4c-81f3-9bc9162cb4a9"><span><span>-She even picked up on Lee So-Mi's character tics?</span></span></p><p data-uid="0bf6160c-c700-4a6b-880d-57a932f14175"><span><span>The script merely read: (Lee So-Mi panics, overwhelmed by fear.) Yet Han Soo-Bin gave a far more vivid and believable interpretation of that emotion by biting her nail. Her acting was something leagues beyond Cha In-Hye's attempt.</span></span></p><p data-uid="76d8961f-b8f9-48a0-8a4f-5b23863975a7"><span><span>Realizing her scene partner was more than capable of keeping up, Yoo-Jin's lips curled into a smirk and she pushed her emotions even further.</span></span></p><p data-uid="1e758078-042d-4316-90ac-23a818863d19"><span><span>『What's the matter? Are you scared? Wow~ so you do know what fear feels like, huh? Even after trying to kill someone, your...</span></span></p>