---
title: "Chapter 787: Film Production Begins (2)"
weight: 787
---
<p data-uid="8eddc8e4-771f-4e09-9424-590d42925538"><span>"Director Yeo Ik-Hwan's recent career is the problem."</span></p><p data-uid="25d22db0-23af-49fc-8c38-7baac194cbfe"><span>President Shin Jong-Ki said that Director Yeo Ik-Hwan's image as a director who ruined his last three films would negatively affect public opinion.</span></p><p data-uid="83ee650b-226f-496f-b189-fb737b63e593"><span>Worried Yeo Ik-Hwan might be hurt, I quickly turned my head.</span></p><p data-uid="d1e01f20-cfdc-473d-a957-0652ff8a1ccd"><span>Yeo Ik-Hwan only gave an awkward smile. "It's okay. I already talked to Mr. Shin before you arrived, Mr. Jung."</span></p><p data-uid="8d8a0c3b-fecc-4c6e-857b-78a0c47fdfbb"><span>"You did?"</span></p><p data-uid="4096b66e-08b8-4c86-a454-7906ccf0c457"><span>"Yes. I was concerned that the failure of my last three films might drag this project down."</span></p><p data-uid="4f9e646f-144e-4492-8142-48394b5516fb"><span>Yeo Ik-Hwan had written and directed his debut film <em>The New Employee</em>, which became a massive hit with five million viewers. It was a phenomenal success, especially for a low-budget film made with just one billion won.</span></p><p data-uid="dbfa7783-c469-441d-a52a-186b05624d5e"><span>Yet, after that, all three of his following works flopped badly. Yeo Ik-Hwan gave up on directing and took a professorship at Seoul National University of the Arts. He said he was worried that this track record might hold back the success of the new movie.</span></p><p data-uid="185e0e9c-e2fd-4514-87d2-233b29f4b1ae"><span>Shin Jong-Ki, looking apologetic, backed up Yeo Ik-Hwan's point. "Hey, if Chief Jung vouches for someone, I trust them without question. I mean, <em>The New Employee</em> brought in five million people. That alone proves your talent, Director Yeo. It's just bad timing. Isn't Hoop Entertainment about to go public?"</span></p><p data-uid="497c8a5a-9c0a-4507-8ebe-a52af7ddc538"><span>Even under normal circumstances, this would be a sensitive issue for the stock market. But right before an IPO, it could become a major liability.</span></p><p data-uid="bacdc75c-4f00-4422-acc7-752b77396fad"><span>Shin Jong-Ki carefully continued, "That's why... even if we go ahead with production, how about we delay announcing the director until after April 1st? This was Director Yeo's suggestion too."</span></p><p data-uid="3d8ed617-b660-4f14-af0c-267210fc0ba9"><span>Yeo...</span></p>