---
title: "Chapter 228: Harvest (1)"
weight: 228
---
<p data-uid="8e439a8f-5d9a-4793-bea3-a5f9a8598ffe"><span>When Kang Gam-Chan returns, Lee Gi-Cheol wouldn't be able to do anything.</span></p><p data-uid="a96e9b4f-3822-4e08-a571-f58bba2f5107"><span>Perhaps because he was well aware of this fact, Lee Gi-Cheol was becoming impatient.</span></p><p data-uid="07af337b-f473-4419-9f3b-5bda80c16e62"><span>While he was in charge of managing the company, Singer Division 1 led by the Suhyaejong line was on the brink of collapse.</span></p><p data-uid="97c18a78-613f-469c-9a78-7073fc699ff2"><span>On the other hand, Kang Ji-Yung and I, who were on Kang Gam-Chan's side, were flourishing.</span></p><p data-uid="00edbb60-3438-410f-b4e3-7427b8fbbef3"><span>If things continued like this, Lee Gi-Cheol was likely to become insignificant after Kang Gam-Chan's return.</span></p><p data-uid="f1ae3133-b520-409f-acfa-2f9b7ce9b1ff"><span>Because of that, I didn't even blink at Lee Gi-Cheol's reproaches.</span></p><p data-uid="e54cefe8-8e5b-475a-b68d-1f9409b05620"><span>The flustered Lee Gi-Cheol shouted, "What? Too much? How dare a newly appointed team lead talk back like that?"</span></p><p data-uid="c0ede400-117d-4b65-90bc-f68391cf53d3"><span>"Why is talking back even relevant in a work discussion? And even if something like that really did happen, you should be reprimanding Singer Division 1 for not properly managing Mrs. Lee Mal-Soon, not coming to me about it," I retorted.</span></p><p data-uid="7f348e61-a789-4231-958e-b74c154f163c"><span>As my sharp exchange with Lee Gi-Cheol continued, Yoo-Jin also joined the conversation. "Mr. Lee, don't you think this is a little unfair? Why are you questioning Yoon-Ho oppa about Mrs. Lee Mal-Soon? You can ask her directly if you have an issue."</span></p><p data-uid="fe1704f9-8161-40ad-8377-e0d793a6f202"><span>Lee Gi-Cheol's face began to turn even redder as Yoo-Jin joined in to support me.</span></p><p data-uid="1dd8f63b-1965-4791-af7e-c164b181be20"><span>Celebrities couldn't treat those at the executive level in the entertainment industry lightly. This was because those at the executive level were the ones who would meet with broadcast...</span></p>