---
title: "Chapter 702: Haze Audition (4)"
weight: 702
---
<p data-uid="23d8530d-4bee-4405-ae70-da795a65390e"><span>Even someone as good-natured as Han Yoo-Sik couldn't hold back once Hwang Jin-Seo brought up rumors of a pre-selected casting.</span></p><p data-uid="f2e4415a-4afa-4fb2-b418-0c1d2e822024"><span>"Mr. Hwang! That's way out of line! Pre-selected casting? The audition isn't even over yet. What kind of nonsense is that?"</span></p><p data-uid="7c856d3b-1500-4988-8b97-24f7eb4d1644"><span>Han Yoo-Sik's voice rose, but Hwang Jin-Seo scoffed. "Oh, come on. Am I wrong? You rearranged the order of the auditions out of nowhere, didn't you? And now you're telling me my acting isn't even on par with Park Sang-Gyu's? President Han, your judgment is seriously lacking, don't you think?"</span></p><p data-uid="35f81fd1-85d8-4e9d-b6c0-9e78a557eb17"><span>The truth was, Hwang Jin-Seo himself had asked to go earlier due to a personal schedule. Now he was ignoring that and insisting the role had already been decided, lashing out at everyone. It was absolutely absurd, given that everyone at the scene could see Park Sang-Gyu had delivered the stronger performance.</span></p><p data-uid="b95d1750-ccd0-47dd-8e92-5fa2fbd05296"><span>At that moment, the entertainment reporters were the only ones enjoying themselves, their fingers clicking away at their keyboards. Some even mumbled under their breath, hoping for fists to fly.</span></p><p data-uid="2dee82ab-3952-4b83-8ccb-01609860a00c"><span>-If President Han and a veteran actor start brawling, that's gonna be huge… are they fighting yet?</span></p><p data-uid="f07399ba-73f8-4dfd-849d-b3f81358c08c"><span>'<em>Such hyenas…a lot of them.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="21672d59-ea90-4621-96ce-e3605347098a"><span>However, if Han Yoo-Sik actually got into a fight with Hwang Jin-Seo, the drama would be tainted before it even started. So I stepped in right away.</span></p><p data-uid="8f13f874-ee87-492f-989b-56aed9cabcaf"><span>"Mr. Hwang. Are you really asking who lacks judgment here?"</span></p><p data-uid="7c6dfe14-804d-43f8-9a2a-fa343279e1c1"><span>Hwang Jin-Seo snapped his head toward me. "What did you say?"</span></p><p data-uid="82faf9bd-fee9-46c0-b46b-872098ca608f"><span>"You were the one who completely misread the character and just shouted your way through God Wolryeong. You ignored your partner actor and performed solo. That level of acting isn't enough...</span></p>