---
title: "Chapter 621: Last Lesson (1)"
weight: 621
---
<p data-uid="e600807d-a1c8-4101-b639-9d0e09b74826"><span>[Assemblyman Lee Dae-Boong Found to Have Abused Authority in Ace Entertainment Investigation. Under Review by Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office.]</span></p><p data-uid="4c144baf-88c5-46d4-9d56-87ad46db6e83"><span>[Ace Entertainment Under Full Reinvestigation.]</span></p><p data-uid="50dd3861-469e-40ea-bbfa-925ffc2aa774"><span>[Ace Entertainment Suspected of Operating on Lee Dae-Boong's Personal Funds After President Change. "Poison then cure?"]</span></p><p data-uid="7747d5dc-66a5-477f-9aa9-fb86ea65dff8"><span>Lee Dae-Boong had previously used the National Tax Service and the prosecution to investigate Ace Entertainment because a woman from Ace, whom he had been seeing, was cheating on him. It was a clear case of abuse of power, but Prosecutor Seo Jae-Ill had apparently taken this long to secure the necessary evidence.</span></p><p data-uid="04dc8684-dc23-4e61-84c6-2e6f962cf910"><span>The entertainment industry was already shaken by the recent TNT Entertainment clone-phone scandal. Now that a politician interfering with an entertainment company had hit the headlines, the industry was about to be rocked again.</span></p><p data-uid="2e255420-e70d-4e68-8628-ba6f8695acd6"><span>When a politician touched an entertainment company, it usually meant meddling with the celebrities too. However, this revelation would ultimately have a positive effect on the entertainment world. Even before my regression, a similar incident had made all the agencies tread more carefully afterward.</span></p><p data-uid="cc0c126a-7fa4-4710-8e1e-89e51b5bc5a1"><span>At any rate, I immediately called Seo Jae-Ill. After a few rings, he answered.</span></p><p data-uid="4be8b934-faf9-40cd-aabd-4b4c81f76ac5"><span>"Mr. Seo, I'm calling after reading the article."</span></p><p data-uid="c57c050d-f4fb-47cc-af86-ec95c4477801"><span>-So you saw it. Yes. But it's still just the beginning, so I can't relax just yet.</span></p><p data-uid="d52da3d5-15c7-45a7-a041-43a8a6d4ee9b"><span>Since Lee Dae-Boong was a sitting member of the National Assembly, he was protected by immunity during sessions. To arrest him, the Assembly...</span></p>