---
title: "Chapter 102: Changing Future (2)"
weight: 102
---
<p data-uid="21735598-b4fc-4ce8-a8d1-56e5ef9d3728">It was finally April 15th, the day Cherry Blossom's music video would be released.</p><p data-uid="0f6d0b96-f639-4f11-af93-0b79d0651fcb">I had been eagerly waiting for this day to the point of nearly dying of anticipation. By defeating Uncle Music and foiling the debut of the formidable new girl group, Girlfriend7, I had brought together lyricists, composers, and choreographers who would lead Cherry Blossom to success.</p><p data-uid="bad61672-7743-4ad7-a3a4-bae7493ffe6f">On my team were the unfortunate yet brilliant composer, Bang Seon-Woo, the quirky lyricist hailing from a web novel background, Jang Ye-Bin, and Park Seon-Nyeo, who was destined to become a world-renowned choreographer. It would be strange if the song created by this team didn't become the number-one hit.</p><p data-uid="f5823447-ceea-4748-885e-e353f13b8198">However, we were faced with another formidable opponent—Petite More. TK Entertainment's top girl group, Petite More, had intentionally mirrored Cherry Blossom's schedule—from the date of their music video release to charting the music tomorrow and even their comeback show on April 25th.</p><p data-uid="34231f08-0eaf-41c0-99e8-07c95d55fdb5">It was a blatant declaration of war aimed at crushing us.</p><p data-uid="c14ada3f-4a57-4016-9b5c-172e3b637c0e">[Girl group Petite More to return with their 5th mini album <em>Masquerade</em>]</p><p data-uid="b63b5c42-1603-4ea6-9d0d-0ed35c9f1ca1">[April 15th, Petite More's new music video will be released on their official MeTube channel!]</p><p data-uid="7fa5425e-5ce9-4461-935b-b15ed06744bc">[Petite More up for the challenge to dominate music charts again!]</p><p data-uid="4e861dee-8b03-464c-b97a-131ee5dc9095">[Girl group Cherry Blossom releases new music video]</p><p data-uid="788e237f-0219-4a42-8504-814f3787479a">As the articles continued to be posted online, the atmosphere in the meeting room turned...</p>