---
title: "Chapter 399: Hwaranjeon Crank In (1)"
weight: 399
---
<p data-uid="6d6bfc43-b4a6-4ce4-bca5-3911bd90fb27"><span>The clear and pure voice like that of a boy choir member echoed from the studio speakers.</span></p><p data-uid="1d8aee90-315c-4215-b585-76af283f2b7d"><span>Although I knew Seo Yeon-Woo had a wide vocal range, it was my first time hearing such a refined tone. Seo Yeon-Woo's clear voice devoid of metallic harshness sent shivers down my spine.</span></p><p data-uid="8ab92694-46c1-4afa-9b65-717b96b09ac8"><span>When Seo Yeon-Woo sang the climax earnestly, I felt as if I had become Kim Beop-Min for a moment. I was so overcome with emotions that I instinctively clutched my chest.</span></p><p data-uid="ebb7be32-689c-46d4-b30d-3b03c3a8d7e1"><span>He wasn't at this level just two weeks ago, but his skills had improved drastically since then.</span></p><p data-uid="f6ad6cf7-74b5-4353-b1b6-4da36eee209a"><span>Seo Yeon-Woo's singing was so beautiful and moving that everyone in the studio was left speechless, staring at him in a daze.</span></p><p data-uid="957ad7e8-5965-4785-86e5-9da78ce44689"><span>As the first verse ended, there was a brief instrumental interlude.</span></p><p data-uid="52cd0a7f-090c-4fb4-bd14-7e0b1f9c30c5"><span>Immersed in the performance, Lee Dong-Min kept expressing his amazement. "When did he... get this good?"</span></p><p data-uid="e5900af6-e5c6-405b-bc73-ffeea4351d7a"><span>Bang Seon-Woo replied to Lee Dong-Min's trembling voice with a soft smile. "He was always talented."</span></p><p data-uid="d3bf99ba-d132-4624-aba2-9095009467eb"><span>Lee Dong-Min tilted his head in disbelief. "I've heard him during guide recordings, but I don't think he was this good."</span></p><p data-uid="1d00182e-9de2-4af2-98e0-f4fbde7f7ad3"><span>"He said he naturally tensed up whenever he held a mic. Everyone initially doubted Yeon-Woo could become a singer, remember?"</span></p><p data-uid="b8e65266-0c28-4ec8-b4d5-23ebc164503a"><span>Seo Yeon-Woo had been singing at live clubs for a long time. However, instead of singing his own songs in his own voice, he mimicked famous singers' voices because the club guests expected to hear familiar songs.</span></p><p data-uid="92412a5c-7680-4481-bced-d437ced2ffdd"><span>Over...</span></p>