---
title: "Chapter 471: Jinseong Inc (1)"
weight: 471
---
<p data-uid="1649e70b-7022-4af3-b2ef-b26762570966"><span>Jin Ah-Ram extended her hand with a bright smile. "I've heard a lot about you. I'm Jin Ah-Ram."&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="5fa54857-f6cb-43bf-b2ed-118132334b5e"><span>Her long straight hair cascaded down to her waist, and she was dressed in a white suit and a light gray coat. Jin Ah-Ram was offering me a handshake while smiling, which was a rare sight from someone as haughty as the Jinseong Inc's royal family.</span></p><p data-uid="bb281502-d20d-4ed4-a368-9150aa15a9a5"><span>At that moment, I could feel dozens of eyes in the expansive lobby turning toward me.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="5a580e8a-4b46-4f61-9b68-ec0e216b8f2f"><span>Jin Ah-Ram wasn't just the youngest daughter of Jinseong Inc, but she was also a Harvard MBA graduate with beauty rivaling Miss Korea and a model-like figure at 170 cm tall. Many of the younger employees admired her, and seeing her interact with me sparked visible envy.</span></p><p data-uid="442724c8-ac16-41c6-a487-36e73304f5b5"><span>Before I could react, Jin Ah-Ram tilted her head and pouted. "What's this? Are you not going to shake my hand?"</span></p><p data-uid="7fc92455-26b8-40b4-bebd-dc50f700cc09"><span>I quickly stood up and grasped Jin Ah-Ram's slender and delicate hand. "Oh, nice to meet you. I'm Jung Yoon-Ho from Hoop Entertainment."</span></p><p data-uid="86ea818b-431c-4d96-8f7f-3b08057f6ae3"><span>Suddenly, I felt the daggers in the stares of the surrounding employees intensify.</span></p><p data-uid="de39d195-14c7-48b9-b6aa-8ac2600b3c79"><span>But Jin Ah-Ram leaned in slightly and whispered with a mischievous smile, "Don't mind them. They're just clueless idiots who don't realize how impressive you are, Mr. Jung."</span></p><p data-uid="82abce16-1684-4eff-ba43-98dfe079dfde"><span>Jin Ah-Ram's sharp tone was oddly charming, though it was nothing more than an observation. After all, she was from a completely different world being a member of a royal...</span></p>