---
title: "Chapter 843: Bong Tae-Sik (1)"
weight: 843
---
<p data-uid="bc09f2c8-4359-4332-9071-a2713b04b7d7"><span>'</span><em><span>Bong Tae-Sik.</span></em><span>'</span></p><p data-uid="e69a0388-d424-4bba-9204-121c638111c7"><span>Currently twenty-eight, he was riding high in popularity after starring in the MBS drama </span><em><span>The Infinite Job Hunt Era</span></em><span>, which ended last week with a 25% viewership ratings. His clear emotional delivery and striking good looks had made him the talk of the town.</span></p><p data-uid="ffa86536-96c7-4e6a-9249-f9dbc44d696f"><span>But originally, he hadn't been an actor. He had joined Hoop Entertainment as a talent agent just a month before me, and we had worked side by side. Even back then, I wondered why someone that good-looking wasn't pursuing a career in entertainment. Then one day, drunk off his ass, he confided in me.</span></p><p data-uid="8ec5aa18-412a-4ec6-8e0c-011495072bba"><span>He said he had graduated from a provincial college with a degree in theater, but never got good roles because of his sharp eyes and crooked nose. He had come to Seoul and gotten plastic surgery, and though he had given up on acting, being a talent agent was all he knew, so that's what he was doing.</span></p><p data-uid="3f9b2668-a199-4d4a-abe4-74dd94e4dc5a"><span>However, it turned out that was all a lie. The real reason he was working as a talent agent was because he needed money to get by until the swelling from his surgery went down.</span></p><p data-uid="7e8c6198-5e22-4750-af0e-be5804da36ea"><span>As soon as his face had settled, he started pawning off all his responsibilities on me every time we went on site, busying himself with networking and self-promotion around PDs and ADs. Each time Bong Tae-Sik ditched, the celebrities under his care ran into problems and I had to run around cleaning up after him.</span></p><p data-uid="a901e2a2-7e05-4638-8474-8f56d374c60e"><span>At first, I chalked it up to inexperience since we were both new. Then, I overheard a phone call Bong Tae-Sik made to his girlfriend.</span></p><p data-uid="23bab7b4-a70b-49ba-98fe-4a7a5663a65d"><span>-Yeah, there's this sucker who joined the company a month after me. Thanks to him, I'm living easy. Heh. I've already gotten friendly with all the PDs and ADs from the big three. Just a little more lobbying and I'm in. So hey, wire me five million...</span></p>