---
title: "Chapter 640: Offer (5)"
weight: 640
---
<p data-uid="832b6a39-ec55-40b3-b773-4229920f849d"><span>At table A7 where James King and I were assigned to sit, Ryu Shin from Hwayeon Media Inc., whom I saw at the club last night, was sitting and talking.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="0df824af-d4a8-4441-9519-2cc23cef079d"><span>As I quietly listened to their conversation, I realized he was offering a role in <em>Forgotten War.&nbsp;</em></span></p><p data-uid="62b3c953-25ea-4f47-a608-0f3d218f5b99"><span>After failing to connect Richard Kane with Kim Dong-Soo of Ace Entertainment and Yoo Kang-Seok of TNT Entertainment at the hotel club last night, Ryu Shin was now acting as a broker, directly introducing actors to the director.</span></p><p data-uid="61e6535d-9aa9-4c30-a11f-22e7fe7bbd91"><span>Shin Jong-Ki had promised to deal with both Richard Kane and Ryu Shin, but before that, I had to stop what Ryu Shin was trying to do. If by any chance Ryu Shin managed to secure a casting promise now, the plan to give the role of Lieutenant Choi Ill-Sun to Go Jae-Soo could fall apart.</span></p><p data-uid="ef82cef3-2864-4515-a6bb-d0ee49ae76be"><span>Just then, Jin Ah-Ram, who had come with me, quietly whispered. "Mr. Jung. Since Ryu Shin isn't supposed to be at this table, I'll send him elsewhere."</span></p><p data-uid="12fb475f-d5df-4236-af9a-dd521cd91dc9"><span>Since Jinseong Hotel was in charge of today's event operations, they had the authority to reprimand any attendee not sitting in their assigned seat.</span></p><p data-uid="577686b6-7c8a-49fa-93e8-ae6b8edb67d0"><span>I shook my head and said, "No, it's fine. I have something to settle with him anyway."</span></p><p data-uid="c2f4a8fa-02a0-4338-9fe1-d9a49b97a089"><span>Not only did I need to resolve the casting issue, but I also had a debt to repay from the previous projector incident.</span></p><p data-uid="9c268de5-1a8b-4bd8-98d3-d9ea13444fe0"><span>At that moment, James King, who was in conversation, noticed me. "Mr. Jung, you're here."</span></p><p data-uid="b60cab43-0591-4134-8ebe-4edfcff2e2ac"><span>Seeing me, Ryu Shin also greeted me with a brazen smile and waved his bandaged hand. "<em>Oh</em>~ you came."</span></p><p data-uid="c3ec57bc-a552-4cc1-a4e1-fed644f91762"><span>How he shamelessly showed up even after causing the projector incident was quite remarkable in a way.</span></p><p data-uid="53e0ac1b-e634-4867-b4da-b2dd6afff015"><span>I looked...</span></p>