---
title: "Chapter 175: Stylist (3)"
weight: 175
---
<p data-uid="1ba8fbdc-6c17-484c-b579-5b9aeb9fb0b7">I stopped Chae Sang-Woo from boarding the deep-sea fishing boat and successfully recruited him. However, the schedule concerning Chae Eun-Byul's death remained in the planner.</p><p data-uid="33bf2b43-53bd-459f-a21d-01036bdb6cd7">In the end, I suggested to Chae Sang-Woo that we move hospitals. The only reason we couldn't save the child even with all these measures was clear: this hospital lacked the skills to save the child.</p><p data-uid="fe68621a-f224-4c84-8739-cf9e94896c65">Only then did Chae Sang-Woo snap to his senses and hesitantly suggested discussing it with his wife.</p><p data-uid="4b916d84-a589-41f4-bab3-e112faddfd7e">I went back to the coffee shop on the first floor with Chae Sang-Woo.</p><p data-uid="c6ea7530-3ece-4dcc-9c17-c1c32128ff87">Sitting down, Chae Sang-Woo held his wife's hand with a much-improved expression. "Honey, I got a job at Hoop Entertainment as well."</p><p data-uid="e1aaf9d9-021b-4aa1-bd0b-b81adac2b679">"What? How?"</p><p data-uid="0c72a61e-7934-4bee-833c-b9e7513c9a59">"Mr. Jung suggested I work there too, although at a lower rank than you."</p><p data-uid="863c28f6-b965-42fc-a591-41a10b878cbd">Lee Mi-Ri was too surprised by the streak of luck to continue speaking.</p><p data-uid="a798ceab-1473-4cc0-ba54-232c0a9c0b18">"When both of you are working, you'll need a caregiver to take care of Eun-Byul. But when Eun-Byul is sick, we'll arrange for one of you to always be able to go to the hospital."</p><p data-uid="aada3e2c-bf27-41e6-8970-a4094ec9d76d">The two embraced each other and began to cry profusely. "M-Mr. Jung…"</p><p data-uid="bd87c65b-4caf-4b54-a5be-1e33a5e48b86">Do Ran-Hee sitting next to them also started to sob and cry. "That's such good news, unnie. <em>Sob</em>."</p><p data-uid="c022a584-3c2a-4fe2-88fb-06bfc7775e11">"Thank you, Ran-Hee." Lee Mi-Ri replied.</p><p data-uid="59a1d95c-813c-4570-b2ea-ecb2ff9344a0">'<em>Ran-Hee, when did you become sisters with Mdm. Lee Mi-Ri?</em> <em>How typical of Do Ran-Hee, the social butterfly,</em>' I thought to myself.</p><p data-uid="97b40a1a-905f-482d-9e68-eadfa86eeeab">Lee Mi-Ri and Do Ran-Hee held hands and began...</p>