---
title: "Chapter 303: Han Woo-Ju (7)"
weight: 303
---
<p data-uid="f8761612-2200-42e9-8292-6ff0b2899930"><span>Inside Lee Moon-Yung's office at KJ Law Firm, the well-known drama writer Yoo Sun-Jung was furiously shouting. "Is Jung Yoon-Ho crazy? How dare a mere talent agent hang up on me?"</span></p><p data-uid="b336744b-90a2-49ca-8caf-ce44bdf14c05"><em><span>Bang!</span></em></p><p data-uid="632cff2e-ec32-4194-9cc5-21f7f7b5a7ff"><span>Yoo Sun-Jung slammed the armrest of the sofa she was sitting on with a furious thud. "He shattered my pride!"</span></p><p data-uid="aa66a6e5-ef93-4035-8ba6-3840222aa141"><span>The sound of the heavy wooden armrest echoed throughout the room.</span></p><p data-uid="4226ef65-99e9-4df6-84ec-d1e45aabe029"><span>Lee Moon-Yung sighed and spoke up. "Mrs. Yoo, please calm down."</span></p><p data-uid="5197731d-3298-45b7-a4f2-cd310256ec3d"><span>Yoo Sun-Jung snapped her head toward Lee Moon-Yung. "Calm down? Do I look like I can calm down? If you had done your job properly in the first place, I wouldn't have to calm down!"</span></p><p data-uid="538a41f2-5eb3-48ec-ae56-da1cd48bf0aa"><span>While being a lawyer could sometimes feel like being a punching bag, it was not often one encountered a client as difficult as Yoo Sun-Jung.</span></p><p data-uid="216b38cf-4946-439a-b3ab-6864b2de1344"><span>Grinding her teeth, Lee Moon-Yung bowed her head once again as she had no defense for her failure to silence Gae Eun-Sook.</span></p><p data-uid="0d895a98-1d52-4514-9fe1-22b2f110c931"><span>However, one thought kept gnawing at her: This woman really did steal the synopsis.</span></p><p data-uid="3aaf4a95-f85f-4da4-9893-3b22c4701966"><span>When Lee Moon-Yung first took on the case, she believed Yoo Sun-Jung's story. She thought it didn't make sense why a star writer like Yoo Sun-Jung would risk everything by lying.</span></p><p data-uid="d2288332-acb6-4647-a35f-96d2e4f41c2d"><span>Now, Lee Moon-Yung realized she had been wrong. She should have remembered what the head of KJ Law Firm always said.</span></p><p data-uid="0ee1cd12-51c5-4957-abe9-9767db66d8d8"><span>'</span><em><span>Never trust your client's words. Never!</span></em><span>'</span></p><p data-uid="3a91d5bd-b7fa-41c6-b668-4275f8a72929"><span>Still, Lee Moon-Yung was determined not to let her legal career be ruined by this case.</span></p><p data-uid="b53e676b-bd92-48fd-9cb5-5725172c4f67"><span>Just then, Yoo Sun-Jung snapped her out of her thoughts. "Ms. Lee! Are you even listening to me? Are you just going to sit there and do nothin...</span></p>