---
title: "Chapter 237: Ha-Na Tube (4)"
weight: 237
---
<p data-uid="f83b6b53-a33f-45f2-aa66-e0ee3366908a"><span>"Ah! This is so annoying!"&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="f95b9874-1087-40e7-b998-09563a68cb94"><span>Park Ye-Seul threw her phone onto the sofa as soon as she ended the call with Kang Ha-Na.</span></p><p data-uid="a7921993-e7e8-4f73-b54d-23634d625709"><span>The phone bounced off the cushion and hit the marble floor of the dormitory with a cracking sound. A crack appeared on Park Ye-Seul's phone screen.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="1700c0e9-d7af-40c1-97cc-db20084b8229"><span>The panting Park Ye-Seul sat on the sofa and stomped her feet angrily.</span></p><p data-uid="c8750ef8-9231-4214-b940-a91727cab006"><span>At that moment, Chief Yang Eun-Cheol beside her asked, "Ye-Seul, what's wrong?"&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="2dba2d57-f343-4acf-89c9-a049a51920e6"><span>"Kang Ha-Na's talent agent told me not to call her anymore! He's so annoying! What did I do wrong? I only called to congratulate her!"&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="ef87af1c-1493-4441-b5a0-18f0654490c9"><span>Yang Eun-Cheol tilted his head at Park Ye-Seul's words.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="16f39884-1f80-4ac3-89a2-7176a83dc604"><span>"But Ye-Seul. You didn't like Ha-Na, did you? You said it was annoying to see her pursuing an idol career despite being older. So why did you call to congratulate her?"&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="090c64e0-b34e-4649-896e-aecd90d4d735"><span>Park Ye-Seul frowned. "What are you talking about? I only said that because she couldn't dance or follow the lessons properly back then."&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="fe6c4789-f92f-4ee4-90b9-52955346bcb8"><span>Choi So-Yung walked out of the kitchen and smirked. "She lies as soon as she opens her mouth. Didn't you say you'd get indigestion whenever you saw Ha-Na unnie?"&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="f8eb5f59-77b6-4631-bbd9-1762ae96469f"><span>"When did I ever say that?" Park Ye-Suel protested.</span></p><p data-uid="66db9b66-f1f2-487c-a8a0-30e6f20f3e9c"><span>"Oh, you're funny. You acted like that from the first time you met Ha-Na unnie, so why pretend otherwise now?" Choi So-Yung retorted.</span></p><p data-uid="7b7e418e-5826-47b3-86a8-7cf6efd8e3a7"><span>Park Ye-Seul shouted at Choi So-Yung's reprimand, "What about you? Didn't you also dislike...</span></p>