---
title: "Chapter 401: Hwaranjeon Crank In (3)"
weight: 401
---
<p data-uid="fa433403-7183-4cb0-83b3-63e2422419f8"><span>Song Ji-Hwan, playing King Eumgalmun, delivered a stable and professional performance. Lee Tae-Yeon, Choi Ji-Yung, and Yoon Joo-Yeon, the three queens, also showcased their prowess. Together, they proved why they were considered S-class actors.</span></p><p data-uid="771f596e-5f30-4a5a-9327-5145a3e1efb3"><span>Surprisingly, Min Gyu-Ri, whom I had deemed lacking in skill, held her own against the veteran cast.</span></p><p data-uid="a53788c0-42ac-411c-9819-6a81d43c8c55"><span>In historical dramas, actors had to employ archaic honorifics like "shall" and "granteth" while portraying situations far removed from everyday life. This made historical dramas a notorious "graveyard for rookies."&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="b2b5cca3-c186-4c35-8ddf-1fc5ed5cc9e4"><span>Yet, Min Gyu-Ri delivered her performance without a hint of awkwardness. Her precise eye movements, restrained facial expressions, and, most notably, her voice projection, perfectly suited the historical drama's demands.</span></p><p data-uid="864a0d17-368d-48bb-bf1c-b04b92ff8742"><span>'<em>Well, that girl does have a devil's talent...</em>' I thought.</span></p><p data-uid="aa38f101-79a4-44cc-9e4d-a8a5d8aee0e4"><span>In my past life, Min Gyu-Ri had auditioned for the weekend drama<em> Morning Sound of the Sea</em> and snagged the lead role without a single acting lesson, beating odds of 2,000 to 1.</span></p><p data-uid="12add634-1f47-4f74-b3aa-5d71a0b79e39"><span>Acting had always been second nature to her and required no effort. As a result, hard work was never part of her vocabulary.</span></p><p data-uid="dc2a54a7-ef3d-42a3-823e-ab4a97442057"><span>Perhaps motivated by Yoo-Jin, Min Gyu-Ri had put immense effort into her performance over the past week and completely transformed.</span></p><p data-uid="fca1d92a-7d9e-4faf-b8f7-928adb29fa68"><span>Thanks to this, the atmosphere on set grew heated with excitement.</span></p><p data-uid="58f8eac5-4b8a-4ba8-92af-1a06f5c19718"><span>The current scene involved the king tasking his three princesses with a weaving competition and promising a grand reward to the winner. This prompted a competitive rivalry among the princesses.</span></p><p data-uid="495ebe1e-7522-43ef-a57d-be2612c43f72"><span>Having erased all traces of her lackluster table-read...</span></p>