---
title: "Chapter 893: Jung Na-Mi (2)"
weight: 893
---
<p data-uid="69e86dfe-928e-4358-8a39-6148d44205b9"><span><span>In the film industry, the term "team" referred to the group of staff and actors who frequently worked with a famous director. Bound together by the tight bonds forged while making films, they often looked after one another's interests. In the case of well-known directors, they sometimes even pushed the staff under them to debut as directors.</span></span></p><p data-uid="f1befa5f-e5e0-4344-a37a-540a4bd36d9e"><span><span>Yoo Sang-Jin had also helped two of the staff he had taken under his wing debut as directors, so there were filmmakers known as the Yoo Sang-Jin team.</span></span></p><p data-uid="0c5cd544-5319-43c4-ba55-29a74adfae7c"><span><span>However, that Yoo Sang-Jin team was nothing compared to the currently hottest group in the industry, the Jung Yoon-Ho team. Of course, it was not a typical situation for someone like me, who was not even a director, to have a term like the Jung Yoon-Ho team attached to my name.</span></span></p><p data-uid="28c9429c-8fc2-42dc-9efc-d6846cd95f22"><span><span>However, once people in the film industry realized that I had helped several directors, they began collectively referring to the directors and actors who had received my help as the Jung Yoon-Ho team.</span></span></p><p data-uid="219bcf0d-05ad-48e3-898b-bffcd9f81943"><span><span>There were currently three directors in the Jung Yoon-Ho team, and among them was Director Park Sun-Jae of </span><em><span>Jiri Mountain </span></em><span>who had been anxiously struggling after being cheated out of 100 million won in directing fees. However, he recovered his payment with my help and even reached ten million moviegoers.</span></span></p><p data-uid="bb82711d-5f5e-473f-a186-bdb8b46509a9"><span><span>There was also Director Ahn Jung-Hae of </span><em><span>Missing – The Lost Ones </span></em><span>who had been able to make his film after I helped him reclaim the film adaptation rights.</span></span></p><p data-uid="18605b38-e63f-407c-8373-53b27ca98a73"><span><span>Lastly, Director Yeo Ik-Hwan of </span><em><span>She Was Beautiful</span></em><span> who had ruined himself after consecutive flops, only to revive his career with my help and was now producing a film starring Yoo-Jin.</span></span></p><p data-uid="86395a74-4a79-4970-b674-dbd7b17d9def"><span><span>As a result, there were even jokes going around that if you could join the Jung Yoon-Ho team, your success was practically guaranteed. So I moved beyond the simple position of a talent agent trying to make a film starring Haru and declared that I would recruit Writer Jung Na-Mi as...</span></span></p>