---
title: "Chapter 520: Best Or Worst (1)"
weight: 520
---
<p data-uid="ed090444-7b3e-4b9f-aa55-4b445c1642b2"><span>[Everyday V12.1]</span></p><p data-uid="22dd9499-5dfb-47fe-b1e0-c4eb2cb60550"><span>[Date: December 30, 2020]</span></p><p data-uid="5c1c272e-a29e-41f6-a6fd-69660dd13bae"><span>-11:30 p.m: &lt;Entertainment All Times&gt; [MBS Drama Awards 'Best or Worst'] (Worst Dresser – Jung Yoo-Jin)</span></p><p data-uid="c2295413-3f69-40c2-b4f2-4dbad9d7a7c1"><span>'<em>How is this dress the worst?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="79ccef4b-6573-4a5b-a7da-44c2ce13cc36"><span>The entertainment news outlet <em>Entertainment All Times</em> had a column called "Best or Worst." It evaluated celebrities' styles during major award shows and international film festivals. From outfits to accessories, everything was assessed and categorized as either Best or Worst.</span></p><p data-uid="20036d32-62df-4ea6-8373-490e47ff4af6"><span>Originally, this was just a segment created by the reporters at <em>Entertainment All Times</em>. Yet over the years, it gained public interest. Now, it was an influential section where fashion professors, entertainment reporters, and even fans participated.</span></p><p data-uid="c04c65b8-b9bc-4a67-ad9e-215447a151bd"><span>Because of this, whether someone was chosen as Best or Worst held significant weight. Being named Best led to sponsorships and advertising deals, while being labeled Worst could result in lost endorsements and commercial opportunities.</span></p><p data-uid="42f41a19-f1e2-4bae-b3fa-39dbdd29875f"><span>'<em>No, but seriously. Why is this considered the worst?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="a0afbf9e-4fed-491e-8ef7-707beb08a0ed"><span>I was dumbfounded. I may not be a designer, but with my years in the entertainment industry, I knew what kinds of dresses appealed to the public. And the dress Yoo-Jin was wearing was more than worthy of being in the Best category.</span></p><p data-uid="16ff5b66-6723-4f7f-8965-b6673e749b4d"><span>No matter how I looked at it, it made no sense. My brow furrowed slightly in frustration.</span></p><p data-uid="df822383-d2bb-449a-95ea-3a3c41360658"><span>Noticing my expression, Yoo-Jin asked, "Oppa, why do you look like that? Does it not suit...</span></p>