---
title: "Chapter 784: Schedule Adjustment"
weight: 784
---
<p data-uid="9a938bc1-416f-4578-bcf0-18944ad890fd"><span>TV producers never liked their lead actors appearing in other projects while actively filming theirs. They wanted only the title of their current show mentioned whenever the actor's name came up in the press. That meant anyone negotiating scheduling changes with producers needed nerves of steel and a head full of information.</span></p><p data-uid="85a94e10-15b9-4454-9d32-8bbf81dc45e0"><span>After a deep breath, I opened the door to the thatched set house where PD Oh Bok-Hee was waiting.</span></p><p data-uid="3f98711d-6f7b-4140-bd01-638d866ce829"><span><em>Click.</em></span></p><p data-uid="b05822dc-7f6b-4e47-9447-026e4749ef6a"><span>Inside, Oh Bok-Hee, CP Ryu Han-Joon, and Department Head Kim Gyuk-Shik were sitting around a table drinking tea.</span></p><p data-uid="c0679b27-9896-4909-9984-57d413d43594"><span>'<em>This won't be easy.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="d55ec298-3d19-4698-99b1-9bc5b65508a3"><span>Seeing both Oh Bok-Hee and the drama department head here, I figured the negotiations would be tough. Once someone reached the level of CP or department head, they had far more experience with these kinds of talks than a regular PD.</span></p><p data-uid="b24712c9-0efa-4775-bab2-5597d4ce70a3"><span>Still, I had no intention of backing down. Unless we adjusted Yoo-Jin's drama schedule, she wouldn't have time to shoot the movie.</span></p><p data-uid="99233686-ca3e-48f3-adcd-101f9147288e"><span>Oh Bok-Hee spotted me first and greeted me with a bright smile, which kicked off the conversation. "It's been a while, Mr. Jung. We were just talking about your company. Come, have a seat."</span></p><p data-uid="10fcf3f2-3dd4-46ce-a099-c6221cc3e749"><span>"It's been a while, Mrs. Oh."</span></p><p data-uid="3b49c303-daec-4a17-a4d5-57058c114a1e"><span>"Yes, you should really drop by more often. The atmosphere just isn't the same without you on set, Mr. Jung."</span></p><p data-uid="bc37290f-e1a4-4cdd-8274-8a9562e60c40"><span>"There's been a lot to do with the IPO preparation. But I'll be visiting more often going forward."</span></p><p data-uid="28e91c10-7620-46e9-ab6e-8988432fc527"><span>Kim Gyuk-Shik nodded in agreement. "That's right, our Chief Jung shines brightest on the ground."</span></p><p data-uid="447c54a0-e368-42b5-8f44-5adc55584e02"><span>Despite the cheerful mood, the two kept steering the conversation away from the topic. They were clearly trying to avoid the issue and slip away using the filming as an excuse.</span></p><p data-uid="d6bef93b-2d9b-45b8-81d1-c75c087c6302"><span>Then, Oh Bok-Hee tried to divert the topic again. "<em>Oh</em>, and Miss Yoo-Jin's been doing so well on set lately. I'm...</span></p>