---
title: "Chapter 181: Beyond The Boundary Shooting Set (3)"
weight: 181
---
<p data-uid="80423c1f-4873-4692-aa0f-6d2519ac1567">At the wrap-up party for <em>Beyond the Boundary</em>, I could hear everything that was going on at the actor's table since I was seated only about a meter away.</p><p data-uid="abc114af-8cff-4320-92f3-c73084f89395">The delicious smell of revenge wafted through the air. Thanks to that, there was no need to find a way to get back at Choi Yang-Seop. Lee Tae-Poong had already won the recognition of Baek Yoon-Sung and the other actors, so intervening now would only have negative impacts. Choi Yang-Seop’s reputation had already hit rock bottom anyway.</p><p data-uid="d3733288-f95f-4e5b-b4bf-2abd7d60e727">At that moment, Choi Sung-Moon, seated to my left, muttered to himself, "Indeed, Mr. Baek really has a good eye for people."</p><p data-uid="13c3b628-9cc6-486e-91b1-58390347cdae">As Pyo Eun-Mi carefully wrapped lettuce around garlic and beef, she agreed with him and shouted to make sure everyone could hear. "Of course, it’s Mr. Baek we’re talking about! By the way, Mr. Choi. Don’t you think Mr. Tae-Poong’s acting has improved a lot?"</p><p data-uid="83ff2fef-8ea3-496a-a76a-3441dc7e221a">"Yes, indeed. Oh, I haven’t even thanked you two yet," said Choi Sung-Moon as alternated his gaze between Pyo Eun-Mi and me, expressing his gratitude.</p><p data-uid="06c0b082-af3e-4cce-8f2b-2a75a72087bf">He continued, "If it weren’t for you two, I wouldn’t have thought of choosing Tae-Poong for the lead role. Thank you so much."</p><p data-uid="7fa2a56a-4bbd-485b-a0a8-20a194b3bd13">"Not at all. It's because it's a film by someone as highly respected as you that Tae-Poong is giving it his all and doing his best. It's all thanks to your motivation, sir." I replied.</p><p data-uid="a41b22e3-91b5-44a6-8972-4e80303b44e4">As I responded humbly,...</p>