---
title: "Chapter 754: The Unsolved Issue"
weight: 754
---
<p data-uid="fc374895-274d-4efa-948c-ce6b0bd1f70e"><span>Choi Eun-Tae's urgent voice came through the phone.</span></p><p data-uid="f5524bdb-eecc-49d5-9f31-45aa8f9506e3"><span>"Did something happen?"</span></p><p data-uid="756305ef-c39d-4f8f-b43d-32d0d188b664"><span>-Man-Sik's coming back to Korea soon.</span></p><p data-uid="fd173dc4-c2da-4574-9b3d-9b692b6442d5"><span>"But he's detained in Japan. How?"</span></p><p data-uid="15280fcd-6c11-4f53-bc17-25e599246cab"><span>President Suzuki, the head of the Japanese subsidiary, had been doing everything to keep President Choi Man-Sik confined there. And Prosecutor Seo Jae-Ill in Korea hadn't even issued a subpoena for him, despite the murder-for-hire charges. The plan was to keep him off Korean soil until Hoop Entertainment's IPO was complete.</span></p><p data-uid="90cefbee-cc43-485a-bafd-382a079c92c2"><span>And yet now, Choi Man-Sik was returning.</span></p><p data-uid="6b15cb83-595b-49a8-af64-f19b02b220c4"><span>-The higher-ups over Prosecutor Seo cut a deal with Japan to bring him back. It's likely on Assemblyman Park Sang-Gon's orders.</span></p><p data-uid="75e08721-2848-46d9-8122-8d3d4e5d1ce4"><span>Park Sang-Gon must have acted to keep the news that his son-in-law was in a Japanese detention center from leaking and hurting his election.</span></p><p data-uid="65675b2e-c37b-4f09-b425-97ee855ca231"><span>"Still, even if he's returned, wouldn't he just be transferred from a Japanese prison to a Korean one? What's the problem?"</span></p><p data-uid="8a7049aa-3fde-4c2b-ae75-83e70c3086ce"><span>Being extradited didn't erase a crime. It just moved the prisoner from one jail to another. After all, Choi Man-Sik was a brutal criminal who had ordered a hit on Kang Eun-Gi.</span></p><p data-uid="f4d10735-eaa6-492a-9b2c-46b531435bfb"><span>However, Choi Eun-Tae's voice was laced with irritation as he answered this time.</span></p><p data-uid="65b778bc-547e-4188-aa0a-d9329aeceef1"><span>-Half the men who attacked Eun-Gi have already recanted. The rest have clammed up, probably under threat. There's a good chance Man-Sik will be released and investigated without detention. Anyway, let's talk more when you get here.</span></p><p data-uid="7bc67c5f-e91e-4f8a-947e-bc8f17ac2994"><span>Right now, the ruling party led by Park Sang-Gon had a strong edge in the by-election. That gave them sway over the prosecution and meant Choi Man-Sik, soon to be Park Sang-Gon's son-in-law, likely wouldn't face serious consequences. If Choi Man-Sik walked free, it would be a disaster.</span></p><p data-uid="5fb7859b-c850-452f-b9db-e29867fdd252"><span>"I understand. I'll head over now."</span></p><p data-uid="8f925b68-738b-4fe8-bec4-e99156878622"><span>I...</span></p>