---
title: "Chapter 461: Scalper (2)"
weight: 461
---
<p data-uid="e48c2f79-fc51-428c-a20a-a5ca3ce0a8e2"><span>I asked, "You're being threatened? What do you mean?"</span></p><p data-uid="a2d3297f-87b5-4167-a671-3e4aa85328ba"><span>"Well, it's like this..."</span></p><p data-uid="bab101f1-cd64-49f4-848f-311002d4f883"><span>Lee Doo-Oh, Ticket King's macro programmer, explained in a small voice how he got involved in this mess.</span></p><p data-uid="26bc41d7-2ba1-45c1-835d-6ae46379381d"><span>It all started a year ago when Lee Doo-Oh was in a car accident. His parents were killed on the spot after colliding with a large truck and his sixteen-year-old sister ended up in a coma.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="71dc1bc1-caf5-4526-b719-ab3ad9385f26"><span>At twenty-three-years-old, Lee Doo-Oh had been desperate for money to cover her medical bills. He reached out to every contact he had and searched for a way to earn a large sum of money in a short time. That's when Ticket King contacted him.</span></p><p data-uid="f48f537e-9325-44b0-acaa-1f5d3dcf974f"><span>Struggling to save his sister, Lee Doo-Oh reluctantly accepted Ticket King's offer. Over the past year, his sister finally regained consciousness as he earned money. And thanks to a witness who came forward later, Lee Doo-Oh was able to secure insurance money.</span></p><p data-uid="7c94bfff-eb7b-4ae1-9435-95907aa82ecd"><span>After that, Lee Doo-Oh wanted to stop tarnishing his hands with illegal activities and refused any further work from Ticket King. However, a thug sent by Ticket King showed up a week ago and threatened him. They warned that if he stopped working, his sister would be the next target.</span></p><p data-uid="dba2be61-dc47-4d02-87b9-3473837e40da"><span>That explained the bruises all over Lee Doo-Oh's body.</span></p><p data-uid="12be3be8-1a7c-4a50-825f-8892592dd0ef"><span>I turned to Lee Ho-Jae, who had been quietly listening. Lee Ho-Jae had also lost his parents in a car accident and grew up in an orphanage. Because of this reason, he seemed to relate deeply to Lee Doo-Oh's story.</span></p><p data-uid="60c0c10c-3b87-4c36-8d5f-e5f37de829d5"><span>"Hyung-nim, it sounds like this...</span></p>