---
title: "Chapter 412: Kim Beop-Min Audition (2)"
weight: 412
---
<p data-uid="894ad431-0fb2-4a30-9872-222a592edbda"><span>Seo Yi-Jun stepped forward with a confident smile. His beige half-coat flared dramatically as his brown wavy hair caught the breeze.</span></p><p data-uid="29766cf7-66b2-4e6d-9945-c0194f92de4b"><span>Standing before Oh Bok-Hee, Seo Yi-Jun greeted her in a cheerful tone. "Mrs. Oh, how have you been?"</span></p><p data-uid="10cbe1dc-e7ac-4f2d-8995-5ef19ad9821a"><span>"I've been good, Yi-Jun. It's been a while. Have you been practicing a lot?"</span></p><p data-uid="9149d9a5-8faa-436c-8c23-bbb88d813725"><span>"You know me. I've been working to death!"</span></p><p data-uid="3ad22b7a-7c83-48f8-ab77-d8095ead6b92"><span>"You always say that, but I hear you've been spotted in Apgujeong pretty often these days."</span></p><p data-uid="1c8a9221-76ae-44da-95b8-82e205893fc7"><span>"That's just rumors! This time, I actually mean it."</span></p><p data-uid="79503dcd-bd3a-4926-90a9-27ef32a76e1d"><span>"Is that so? Alright, I'll look forward to it."</span></p><p data-uid="4c7ba3b5-e984-4a61-afb7-6e6e0dd8fe72"><span>"Yes, Mrs. Oh!"</span></p><p data-uid="c5409ed9-87cd-4629-81ab-53f6bd63c66a"><span>After exchanging pleasantries with Oh Bok-Hee, Seo Yi-Jun snapped open a prop fan with a dramatic snap. Then he began to embody the carefree demeanor of Kim Beop-Min with a few playful waves of the fan.</span></p><p data-uid="75654c15-b20b-466e-a1de-2eea77308ef9"><span>Though it deviated slightly from the character envisioned by Han Woo-Ju, Seo Yi-Jun's delicate and handsome features made his interpretation of the character feel surprisingly fitting.</span></p><p data-uid="72ec6ca7-0bd1-448d-93e6-a59c0f2c8983"><span>Oh Bok-Hee took her seat on a chair placed amidst the tiled houses of the recreated Seorabeol street set. "Remember. This might be an audition, but we're doing it like it's the real thing. Stay sharp—any lapse in focus could lead to accidents."</span></p><p data-uid="21e8e618-b6b4-418b-9885-d85f7850c6b5"><span>The audition scene, Scene 11 from Episode 20, began with Princess Yu-Hwa rushing out of the palace and into the bustling streets of Seorabeol.</span></p><p data-uid="a01e7af4-3615-4c6a-919b-0bd0b1bf1dcc"><span>Spotting a beggar about to be struck by a galloping carriage, she threw herself into harm's way to push him to safety. Though she successfully saved the beggar, she failed to get herself out of the carriage's path.</span></p><p data-uid="41e222b3-7809-4934-95de-bc5f81429822"><span>At that moment, Kim Beop-Min, who recently returned from a ten-year study abroad in Tang China, witnessed the scene. He swiftly moved to save Princess...</span></p>