---
title: "Chapter 708: Making Amazing Progress Day After Day (2)"
weight: 708
---
<p data-uid="561485e8-30b9-4da5-bd9b-e3f2c8810977"><span>Yoon Joo-Yeon, playing the third queen, began to harshly corner Deok-Bae. There was a murderous glare in Yoon Joo-Yeon's eyes and venom laced her voice. Even from a distance, her hostility felt so real it made the skin tingle and the body shrink.</span></p><p data-uid="df589df7-03c7-4685-a7fd-356ecf00e2c1"><span>However, Deok-Bae didn't even blink. Until Yoon Joo-Yeon finished her lines, Deok-Bae remained completely unshaken. Only when it was his turn did he begin to calmly deliver his own performance.</span></p><p data-uid="ee7c263a-3f3c-4835-b2a2-bac22dde5375"><span>Deok-Bae started to smile as if he truly had become Kim Beop-Min. His gaze toward Yoon Joo-Yeon brimmed with confidence, and his broad shoulders were square and proud. It was as if no matter what curses or threats were thrown at him, nothing could touch him.</span></p><p data-uid="6c58d963-f0fa-4b4b-9746-ad15565a0fef"><span>Currently, the role Deok-Bae was playing, Kim Beop-Min, was the head of the delegation heading to Tamna. He was also the eldest son of Kim Chun-Chu, the head of Silla's highest noble family. In other words, he had no reason to be intimidated by royalty.</span></p><p data-uid="a09eb069-554e-41dd-a542-1b068317ac1c"><span>Having worn out the script with repeated analysis, Deok-Bae had mastered the character of Kim Beop-Min better than anyone and began to confront Yoon Joo-Yeon's performance head-on.</span></p><p data-uid="3b06f904-e8b2-4601-99fd-0b0bb78593d6"><span>『Could it be that Her Majesty the Queen is afraid of me?』</span></p><p data-uid="7cbe5ce1-ac7f-4ae0-9775-9573532c1824"><span>Deok-Bae's low and heavy voice reverberated through the set. In that instant, the intense atmosphere that Yoon Joo-Yeon had dominated just seconds earlier completely vanished. With just one line, Deok-Bae flipped the energy on set.</span></p><p data-uid="74de3dd3-3c7d-4b43-bdcc-fe2ec9bd5db6"><span>Until now, Deok-Bae had been regarded by the crew as a tall actor good at action scenes, but now the look in their eyes changed. Everyone's perception of Deok-Bae changed from an action star to a skilled...</span></p>