---
title: "Chapter 156: There'S More Than Just Apples In The Apple Orchard (2)"
weight: 156
---
<p data-uid="78870603-706a-4cc9-8c17-ac7c5e773033">After taking away the soju bottle Lee Hyung-Moon had swung, I checked on Lee Haru's condition.</p><p data-uid="0ea1b6d4-f026-4d67-a172-24211c97ec5f">"Yes. I'm... okay." Lee Haru replied.</p><p data-uid="01a36657-4795-4b45-8b13-2401bfb709b6">A wave of heat surged within me as I looked at Lee Haru. Faint bruises all over his body peeked through the thin fabric of his clothes, and he was too short even though he was 16—the same age as Sae-Ri.</p><p data-uid="56cbac71-168f-4876-b74f-5c476ad2a5cb">'<em>This must probably be due to malnutrition,</em>' I thought to myself.</p><p data-uid="5c02014b-e463-4303-847f-c65bfb4a260a">Come to think of it, Lee Haru was slightly under 170cm tall even in my past life. His distinct features and good looks had allowed him to become an actor, but every director who cast him had felt something was missing. They lamented that if he had been just 5cm taller, he could have taken on twice as many roles.</p><p data-uid="dc816204-e675-4e95-9916-070f875b570a">"Don't worry anymore. I'm here for you," I assured Lee Haru.</p><p data-uid="df0623b0-5f72-4a18-ad99-e8ad3efb1d71">Realizing he couldn't overpower me, Lee Hyung-Moon began to resort to verbal threats.</p><p data-uid="3d860510-add1-4e00-aa41-d62f6e6aaf32">"Hey! Who do you think you are to interfere in someone else's family matters? Do you have a death wish? Let go of me!" Lee Hyung-Moon barked back.</p><p data-uid="278c4520-eb27-4d60-b21b-3defcce9469f">"It doesn't matter who I am. Just be aware that I'm calling the police," I said calmly.</p><p data-uid="dced5501-4d7e-4aa0-ad0c-de537d060540">I had started the voice recorder on my phone before entering as loud noises could be heard from the outside.</p><p data-uid="6b0a6927-731a-48b8-9fe0-62168d3ccef7">Domestic violence could be reported by a third party, but it often ended inconclusively. However, possessing...</p>