---
title: "Chapter 185: Overseas Advertisement Shoot"
weight: 185
---
<p data-uid="b7012c63-b5c9-4b2b-922a-8cacd1e6a5a3">The fact that Yoo-Jin was taking on a dual role as Cheongmyung and Manshin Wol-Ah was not known to anyone at the press conference except for Kim Sung-Woon, Kim Soo-Hee, Lee Ji-Yeon, and me.</p><p data-uid="c468ec9c-f71a-43ae-b129-fe7b84a4659e">Though some had inquired about the role, reporters didn't press further whenever Kim Myung-Hak indicated that it was just someone he knew.</p><p data-uid="63adc24e-62b1-4db9-bfef-e046d8e285d3">However, Ju Yung-In persistently asked who was playing the role of Manshin Wol-Ah.</p><p data-uid="298562e7-df28-4e87-98e0-641d94c8208a">At that moment, Kim Sung-Woon responded as if he had already anticipated her question. "The actor is a senior from the theater scene who became a shaman after receiving a spiritual calling and has been residing in the mountains since."</p><p data-uid="f1628156-bd8f-4637-8866-081dc24c41e2">"Ah... I see," Jung Yu-In replied.</p><p data-uid="ceefbe53-cec1-4b7c-b0d4-0180c9c0bf5e">We had agreed to cook up a story of an active shaman with acting experience whenever we were asked about the actor playing the role of Manshin Wol-Ah.</p><p data-uid="a88d40e7-f53d-4f03-ba88-7b98421b28e9">But Ju Yung-In's curiosity didn't end there and she continued to ask, "But what is their name? I should at least greet them if I see them on set."</p><p data-uid="3bba83cd-f11e-454a-88aa-ff1d90deb427">The other actors also nodded in agreement.</p><p data-uid="9b54a1c1-ebef-414a-8b48-2ddd8eb36913">"Yeah, Mr. Kim. You haven't said anything until now, but you should at least tell us their name."</p><p data-uid="38af260c-ba37-40a7-abed-cccdd03d7758">"That's right. You said they're around the same age as Mrs. Kim Soo-Hee. Even if it's a supporting role, it's not right to not even know their name."</p><p data-uid="c70f48ce-62d0-4f82-b4ee-46f117067848">At that moment, Kim Sung-Woon hesitated to answer and was left speechless.</p><p data-uid="9b104481-93db-4552-93b1-c4e4330beca7">'<em>Come on. Hadn't he thought that far?</em>' I thought to myself.</p><p data-uid="26f5b2f3-a95b-48de-95fb-ee83b110d82b">Kim Myung-Hak also seemed curious. "Come to think of it, I hadn't thought to...</p>