---
title: "Chapter 56: Reporter And Reportrash (3)"
weight: 56
---
<p data-uid="192311f1-9455-4e4f-a515-88a42d147805">I arrived at the meeting place to meet Choi So-Hye, the team lead of the Culture and Entertainment Department at <em>Central Daily Newspaper</em>. But in the meantime, a new article by Ju Kang-Yong had been uploaded.</p><p data-uid="adca151a-0635-4ab7-b528-4ff10a27cf9f">[‘The Private Life of Rookie Actress J’]</p><p data-uid="7c535384-bfa6-4696-ab18-e93d6309858b">-<em>The Morning Takes Off</em>, On-Set Sketch.</p><p data-uid="3ff38a47-5ef4-4793-926a-7fa5f99496aa">-Clash with sunbae Park Eun-Bin?</p><p data-uid="c0ae250a-1c0e-4f88-9ab2-b97e15961d3c">-'Sunbae, you don’t like me, do you?' Rookie actress suggests. Is there an inverse relationship between popularity and personality?</p><p data-uid="504281b2-1e5d-4c11-93ff-e023e855ae3c">(Seeking tips. <em>Entertainment Big News</em> Ju Kang-Yong)</p><p data-uid="76b37032-e0fc-40f6-9b21-f1ec5f2c2524">Ju Kang-Yong was truly a master at captivating people with his attention-grabbing headlines.</p><p data-uid="c9ca3502-78cd-4e0f-a3ad-fbc9f01cb0d8"><em>‘How does this guy constantly get better at writing each day? He should be a novelist instead of wasting his talent on writing tabloid articles.’</em></p><p data-uid="6091a61f-51d6-45eb-b380-542141b6c020">I couldn’t believe he even fabricated a statement by Park Eun-Bin and attributed it to Yoo-Jin.</p><p data-uid="64f84da9-581b-41d0-95fd-4f71e95f5dec">Fortunately, the publicity division of Hoop Entertainment was also engaged in a media battle to prevent Ju Kang-Yong's article from reaching the top of the entertainment news rankings.</p><p data-uid="a5e8785e-93fe-4eef-98f8-a0bad543797c">I began reviewing the articles as I scrolled up, starting from the top-ranked one.</p><p data-uid="c9f1efd5-1a27-46d0-a1d3-db53af4134c9">[<em>Blue Sky</em>’s First Script Reading. Fierce Acting Competition Among the Actors.]</p><p data-uid="9ccb5ed6-d059-470d-9f38-2f1a9b949212">[Ju Yung-In and Jung Yoo-Jin, Hoop Entertainment’s Dynamic Duo in Action!]</p><p data-uid="7fb2d53d-0250-4d91-b229-38981581bb71">[SBC's Ambitious drama <em>Blue Sky</em> Cranks In on January 30th!]</p><p data-uid="b0aac493-23a5-48df-b86f-d874010f1cd2">While I was checking the articles, I heard...</p>