---
title: "Chapter 21: Cherry Blossom Today (2)"
weight: 21
---
<p data-uid="8e765611-3178-41b0-bc1a-cfaab4380825">As soon as we sat down at the table, Han Myung-Ho asked.</p><p data-uid="a2cdfab6-82dd-476f-b7ba-444337e95003">“Did you actually have a prophetic dream?”</p><p data-uid="3a37e05d-35e8-4a07-b0cf-7691e8eed43a">“Yes. I’m serious.”</p><p data-uid="1c039a7b-137e-415d-88a6-18bc4d578d04">Just a moment ago, I suggested that we should spend more money at the hair salon to put more effort into Cherry Blossom’s hairstyling. I told Han Myung-Ho that I had a dream where a huge dragon ascended to the sky.</p><p data-uid="3560c171-e722-4b6e-a14e-c125f1825a8d">Upon hearing this, Han Myung-Ho reluctantly paid extra for the girls’ hairstyling.</p><p data-uid="34e89bb0-fffc-4f56-bff2-382cae7e8d51">In the entertainment industry, superstitions often came into play due to the frequent need for reassurance. I downed the water from my cup in a single gulp, hoping to soothe my burning throat.</p><p data-uid="b9068e2e-c02f-49ab-ae08-3b66f7239c2a">‘<em>Ah, I feel guilty about lying.</em>’</p><p data-uid="10052dd1-e5ff-46ac-ba2c-2aaec128d2d0">“Well, I hope your dream really means something. The pressure from the company these days is no joke.”</p><p data-uid="6a737d3a-7874-479a-a941-ab165b4541a6">“What kind of pressure?”</p><p data-uid="f2370f33-e5b8-45c9-967c-06d5f71d47c3">“...I don’t know if I should be telling you this, but there’s talk going around in the company questioning the need for two girl groups. Our chief is having a hard time fending off those comments.”</p><p data-uid="07abb779-8ecc-4d4f-92d5-3c428642f941">In Division 1, there was a top-tier girl group, Golden Road, who competed against Petite More for the first place in the idol industry. On the other hand, Cherry Blossom from Division 2 was at the very end of the B-list.</p><p data-uid="7be0cacb-8a2b-4ddf-b77e-095a397ffd05">Considering the income disparity between the two teams, it was only natural for there to be talks about disbanding Cherry...</p>