---
title: "Chapter 121: Lee Tae-Poong'S Audition (1)"
weight: 121
---
<p data-uid="b354f114-9e60-4b15-ad95-73f96d4bf965">"You mean you... haven't thought about your future at all?"</p><p data-uid="fe89e7dc-0af9-43ca-8c9d-117e69fc4683">Yoo-Jin's eyes darted around the room as she fidgeted with her fingers. Seemingly out of words, Yoo-Jin gave an awkward smile.</p><p data-uid="812e0379-b598-4f43-bfb8-c1d5fc90d41a">"W-well, I've been so focused on raising Miso well that I haven't really thought about myself...to be honest, I was just living day by day before I met you. All I thought of was 'what should I eat tonight?' or 'what should I cook for tomorrow?' and such."</p><p data-uid="0e0b550e-9257-4f70-a900-0ae99f2e8cce">I couldn't believe it. Even though she had become a mother at a young age, to have no life plans at 24 seemed absurd.</p><p data-uid="3db0a7ec-2a0d-4395-996b-2eddf5d3c878">"B-but I've had a goal since meeting you—to succeed as an actress. Something like acting diligently every day and giving my all! I-I do have at least these goals!"</p><p data-uid="1848cd1b-2682-4a8b-9546-9fcce4ebd89d">At this age, any other female celebrity in her position would have been sneaking around the agency's watchful eye and plotting ways to contact a man they were interested in. But having become a mother at a young age, Yoo-Jin had grown accustomed to suppressing her own feelings for Miso's sake.</p><p data-uid="3286b19d-8a2c-47b2-a422-999817180a15">While Miso's happiness was important, I felt compelled to help Yoo-Jin discover her own life as well. As a talent agent, I couldn't simply resign young Yoo-Jin to a life solely defined by motherhood.</p><p data-uid="49608325-2c91-4f1d-8659-bca127685535">But it was pointless to ask her to come up with a plan right away. I planned...</p>