---
title: "Chapter 54: Reporter And Reportrash (1)"
weight: 54
---
<p data-uid="8b4230ac-1708-44a5-8a9c-fb106b2c3b4d">Entertainment Big News had its main office in Shin-sa-dong. Unlike most entertainment news companies which were quite small, Entertainment Big News occupied an entire five-story building in Shin-sa-dong. This was all thanks to the staff who spared no means or methods to make money.</p><p data-uid="c638ebfd-3b1c-4665-97d1-a15bce5a1f85">Among them, Reporter Ju Kang-Yong sat in the most prestigious spot on the third floor and was writing a sensational article about the trending actress Jung Yoo-Jin. Given her beauty, he assumed Yoo-Jin had to be involved in some school violence incidents.</p><p data-uid="712c8767-f97f-48a3-8d89-7a3e32b3ce00"></p><p data-uid="ff284f08-8146-488d-904e-8886eed7837a">[Rookie Actress J: Her Private Life]</p><p data-uid="542cf781-5023-4326-8b0e-029565e9febe">-The hottest new actress J from <em>The Morning Takes Off</em>. Was she really a bully?</p><p data-uid="d58d77f6-642a-4431-affe-cb54cc6e450e">(We are currently seeking articles about actress J. Entertainment Big News, reporter Ju Kang-Yong)</p><p data-uid="588b95f8-67d8-4b3b-9d59-ea93b9aa88ba"></p><p data-uid="f90d6b90-7004-45f8-81a8-f534f363d3bc">"Let's see. Did anyone send me new emails?" Ju Kang-Yong opened his email but frowned upon seeing the inbox.</p><p data-uid="0a2f7899-96b8-4fb0-b7ee-5ae4358051ee"></p><p data-uid="877cc950-ae6b-4fc3-8f40-7d2c9c334e8e">[(Sender: Park Eun-Yung) I'm Yoo-Jin’s friend. Back when we were in the same school, Yoo-Jin was extremely kind...]</p><p data-uid="f91d7d58-790b-4ea7-91ba-f5ec77c74611">[(Sender: Teacher Choi Min-Joo) Yoo-Jin was a positive example for others...]</p><p data-uid="ad4fa704-b055-4c0d-8153-0f23e45c19e5">[(Sender: Jung Woo-Ram) I have a physical disability. With Yoo-Jin’s help, I could enjoy my high school years...]</p><p data-uid="e4e891a5-0055-49f1-8739-8e28d6a25332"></p><p data-uid="9ac1a9cb-891d-42b8-a6df-cebd628a3ce9">"Damn, is this for real? Is Jung Yoo-Jin some kind of saint or what? There's nothing here to write about. Fuck. How could someone as pretty as her have such a kind heart as well?”</p><p data-uid="bc49eb83-a5ab-4903-880d-94af46ed002e">He was hoping...</p>