---
title: "Chapter 118: Winter After Spring? (7)"
weight: 118
---
<p data-uid="426c9dab-0964-42fa-9be7-032718f021d7">Choi Ji-Yung's face turned white beyond pale at my request to reveal the hidden truth about her divorce.</p><p data-uid="4f0f7353-c095-4ca6-8a32-6fb717a81cad">"I know that Choi Jong-Hyuk was involved in Ms. Choi Ji-Yung's divorce. So..."</p><p data-uid="f45d8aa9-1b62-460d-a376-dce3a5cd0646">"Just a moment."</p><p data-uid="9a574bd3-60b6-4367-9a6a-b241c65c9924">Choi Ji-Yung set down her coffee which she had been enjoying and started staring intently at me. The previously gentle atmosphere had vanished and been replaced by a tight tension as if walking on thin ice.</p><p data-uid="91b5af77-0e6c-4894-aafe-58ebf289bc63">Choi Ji-Yung made a dumbfounded expression, raised her hand to point toward the door, and said, "I wouldn't have opened the door if I knew this was your intention. Please leave now. Thank you for the coffee and half-dried persimmons you brought as a gift."</p><p data-uid="fcd3df34-2aa3-4029-bd4f-c25dcb84bdfc">Choi Ji-Yung exuded the aura of her prime but I didn't back down and continued to meet her gaze and asked, "Ms. Choi, do you intend to just take this lying down?"</p><p data-uid="2e6188e8-277b-44ba-b95d-175570f2433a">Choi Ji-Yung snorted in disbelief. "Even if I do reveal the truth as you say, people will see me as a woman fooled by a 25-year-old. I'd rather bite my tongue!"</p><p data-uid="57e35e72-cacb-44fd-b15e-3bed242284dd">A self-deprecating tone laced Choi Ji-Yung's words. I recalled that in my past life, these same worries also prevented her from coming forward with her feelings and the truth sooner. However, the future unfolded differently from her expectations—there were more viewers who cared about Choi Ji-Yung than she had thought.</p><p data-uid="735e6454-6f82-4228-bd55-7bbfefcfaef0"><em>'I guess I have no choice.'</em></p><p data-uid="2a91d0c2-94d5-4bd3-923a-d10345726303">I had to reveal...</p>