---
title: "Chapter 297: Han Woo-Ju (1)"
weight: 297
---
<p data-uid="4eda51fb-3e6a-4aa7-b584-d07489fe0430"><span>"What is this?"</span></p><p data-uid="85fd1c05-e4d1-4743-8375-7e6caa04f4c6"><span>Originally, Kang Ha-Na's vocals were known for her sweet voice combined with strong vocal techniques to effortlessly cover all ranges.</span></p><p data-uid="ed085d16-3378-4ef4-a4cd-45831d4dce2b"><span>However, her strengths across all ranges were being maximized after a brief training session with Seo Yeon-Woo.</span></p><p data-uid="7c6d9c1f-ab6f-4321-8d2a-7b1fd08ddcb6"><span>Everyone in the recording studio began to be deeply captivated by the newly evolved Kang Ha-Na's singing.</span></p><p data-uid="5df7abd5-5e6e-4006-8a2e-7b252a5429b2"><span>The song ended a moment later, but a heavy silence still lingered in the recording studio until Kang Ha-Na came running out of the recording booth. "I did really well just now, right? Right? I'm not imagining it, am I?"</span></p><p data-uid="124cc929-527c-4152-b2d7-136ac23ab2d9"><span>"That was incredible!"</span></p><p data-uid="f8585e42-2ac0-4f39-ae44-179c33c75e28"><span>"Is this really the same song?"</span></p><p data-uid="ea5c07ba-0816-4be4-821f-77116311eb8b"><span>As everyone simultaneously gave her a thumbs-up, Kang Ha-Na was overjoyed to the point of fainting.</span></p><p data-uid="a4c1cd80-935a-4f8b-927c-8dd39d7abb30"><span>It was the moment Kang Ha-Na acknowledged Seo Yeon-Woo, who was three years younger, as her teacher.</span></p><p data-uid="e0e866f2-f8e1-46b2-be31-5ad153d4a396"><span>"Mr. Yeon-Woo, you're amazing! How did you do it?" she asked jubilantly.</span></p><p data-uid="31a2b966-ddee-4d10-ac8d-7e9b8065d205"><span>Seo Yeon-Woo couldn't hide his surprised expression either. "Miss Ha-Na, you're the amazing one here. How did you manage to do that in one go?"</span></p><p data-uid="653d8b45-d9b2-44e6-acb2-c28126e98a27"><span>The meeting of two geniuses had produced astonishing results.</span></p><p data-uid="c9ed4997-70ae-4df9-bb2d-f0f4d115db98"><span>Excited, Lee Dong-Min dramatically raised the terms of the contract. "Let me offer you new conditions! Salary of 40 million won, a three-room apartment near the company, and a caregiver for your grandmother! What do you think?"</span></p><p data-uid="a0cae0c5-ea0f-4886-a0bc-abb44a68fe46"><span>Seo Yeon-Woo's jaw dropped in disbelief at the even better conditions. "Th-thank you so much!"</span></p><p data-uid="39b912fd-8bc4-46e8-b4ac-5cd3b17352bf"><span>A moment...</span></p>