---
title: "Chapter 898: First Filming Of She Was Beautiful (1)"
weight: 898
---
<p data-uid="9d5fed75-53fe-487c-b729-81b25f673c12"><span><em><span>Whirr, whirr, whirr.</span></em></span></p><p data-uid="f871d407-255a-4387-a09c-1746c7db6f41"><span><span>As the helicopter rotor slowed its rotation, Director Choi Sung-Moon and the staff stepped out with their heads lowered.</span></span></p><p data-uid="2cdaf974-fc3f-4c1b-88f7-2572a4728965"><span><span>However, the expression on Stunt Team Lead Chae Ill-Bok, who had to take the wheel today for the rollover accident scene, did not look normal. His face was pale, and he had his left hand pressed against his stomach. He was pretending to be fine, trying to hide it, but at a glance I could tell it was a textbook case of motion sickness.</span></span></p><p data-uid="7a7d20da-31ef-4595-a075-5a3994cf124e"><span><span>'</span><em><span>So this was it</span></em><span>.'</span></span></p><p data-uid="eb8d9e87-fca4-479f-b6b4-22df3cddd530"><span><span>There was just one thing I did not understand.</span></span></p><p data-uid="b3b7be00-d677-4126-8ad2-41ae1d5ae037"><span><span>'</span><em><span>How can a man of steel, a former Special Forces soldier with a combined 20th-degree black belt in judo, kendo, and taekwondo, get airsick from a helicopter</span></em><span>?'</span></span></p><p data-uid="5d8d7698-4d95-4e43-9f91-295b15346b4b"><span><span>However, I soon found myself nodding. Chae Ill-Bok was thirty-nine this year, which meant it had been nearly ten years since he left the Special Forces. If that was the case, it made sense that he could get sick after not riding in a helicopter for so long.</span></span></p><p data-uid="5109abe8-b0a2-4a1e-b2c8-86fdb84d1daf"><span><span>On top of that, Scene 10, which we were about to film, had to be shot at dusk as the sun set and the light faded, and he would have to drive while we created rain using a water truck. If Chae Ill-Bok's condition was this bad, there was a real possibility of a serious accident once he got behind the wheel.</span></span></p><p data-uid="0a659d1f-2deb-4396-89c0-271ffb764248"><span><span>If we wanted to avoid wiping out Everyday's schedule entry, it seemed we would have to hand the wheel over to another stuntman under Chae Ill-Bok.</span></span></p><p data-uid="cc931ae7-732e-4872-963f-2b5fe953ed17"><span><span>Just then, President Shin Jong-Ki, Director Yeo Ik-Hwan, and Managing Director Lee Eun-Joo stood side by side and greeted Choi Sung-Moon as he approached.</span></span></p><p data-uid="5b71cbd4-0337-49bb-b0e4-824de1d94eab"><span><span>"Have you arrived, Mr. Choi?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="122a0b1a-f90e-469d-a1d1-96c52d1c2a9a"><span><span>I hurried over and bowed as well. "It has been a while, Mr. Choi."</span></span></p><p data-uid="b756a38e-62ab-48e3-b331-61a62405dcf9"><span><span>Choi Sung-Moon raised his right hand as he walked toward us. "Wow. Arriving by helicopter like this makes me feel like a complete star."</span></span></p><p data-uid="1d34c758-60e7-48fe-8664-5be269d3f230"><span><span>"To welcome the best star director in Korea, we had to do at least...</span></span></p>