---
title: "Chapter 77: Plagiarism (2)"
weight: 77
---
<p data-uid="c9b9e1ee-de01-4eec-9d60-4dc0d1b7c037">"Uncle Music."</p><p data-uid="a89e0c44-431e-4bc6-bcff-3f285a561ad8">"Uncle Music?"</p><p data-uid="36c8027e-ac05-4095-a1b7-39d1d145ebc5">"Yes. Those guys who came to meet Seon-Woo before us."</p><p data-uid="f93f505d-ba13-4182-b0c3-4b771e3e423f">But I couldn't understand how they managed to register the copyrights before us. Although Uncle Music had a meeting with Bang Seon-Woo before us, Bang Seon-Woo said he hadn't shown them any songs other than the two already posted on the amateur composer's website.</p><p data-uid="44c1e59b-535e-4399-a205-c3a5e0d38e86">"Did you check with Seon-Woo about what happened?"</p><p data-uid="19166564-8888-402b-85bc-ea5404910e08">Lee Dong-Min scratched his head with a troubled look. "I only asked Seon-Woo briefly about it because I was worried it might affect his mental state, especially since he's in the middle of working on the song. But he did tell me nothing much happened other than just a brief chat in the room with the people from Uncle Music."</p><p data-uid="27bd5980-5b99-4ce9-82d7-38c328eab30b">That was when Kwak Moo-Hyuk stepped in.</p><p data-uid="c29972ae-696a-4b69-84fe-dc8ac9cd2ad0">"This is not my area of expertise, but I suspect they might have done something like hacking into his account within a very short time. So we took Seon-Woo's MePad and requested an analysis."</p><p data-uid="61b57f1c-1dd2-4ab5-a5a0-217f75627c21">He explained that if we can prove the exact date the songs were created, it would be advantageous in court.</p><p data-uid="420db63d-477f-400f-b774-89f2057b41d2">"Oh, I see...."</p><p data-uid="dfb55769-3873-44cd-b1d6-f20aba29e269">At that moment, Kwak Moo-Hyuk's face lit up as he checked the message on his phone.</p><p data-uid="5f32121b-4068-40f7-9664-40dfecec38eb">"Wait a minute. The information request about Uncle Music just came in."</p><p data-uid="3724c525-f458-49a8-bc41-0383886254e1"><em>Ding! Ding!</em></p><p data-uid="747d9c42-df4c-4ca9-a8bc-439eb3b0af65">Kwak Moo-Hyuk sent the information he received to everyone's KkTalk. But the moment Lee...</p>