---
title: "Chapter 143: There'S No Such Thing As A Permanent Number One (4)"
weight: 143
---
<p data-uid="1c79fdad-99b0-410e-8d2b-30e23aa06557">On my way to Evian, I frantically called Kang Ji-Yung and Gu Seong-Cheol but neither of them answered.</p><p data-uid="0306269c-a820-4ea0-a664-31f56821a132">"<em>Sigh</em>, they must be busy even at this hour."</p><p data-uid="e4164135-790d-4da2-adbf-10d85a2f0ef1">As the scale of the Singer Division 2 and Actor Division 2 grew, the workload for Kang Ji-Yung and Gu Seong-Cheol increased as well. This made it more common for them to be unreachable like this.</p><p data-uid="7a5a0511-9b7c-4146-9288-5586f652a9c9">It seemed I had no choice but to handle this situation on my own. Upon arriving at Evian, I was stopped by security guards in suits at the entrance.</p><p data-uid="2aab10a4-7fe2-4110-9b04-2790ecbb53b2">"We're only accepting guests with reservations tonight. I'm sorry."</p><p data-uid="c72e4917-04d8-40e9-9174-9c267495710a">"I was called here by Mr. Lee Gi-Cheol."</p><p data-uid="c99cc549-608b-4ccb-84fd-e214c5a78924">"Oh, is that so? May I have your name, please?"</p><p data-uid="69e2ef0f-2521-43b1-ae33-a861e061849d">"My name is Jung Yoon-Ho."</p><p data-uid="ccf12525-2909-4557-b4e8-f4ae5d55711d">The guards checked my identity with their microphones. For some reason, the security seemed unusually strict tonight. Once my identity was confirmed, a staff member came out and led me inside.</p><p data-uid="ca2b4ec3-c9e4-4c70-a94c-943c51590527">Following the staff member, I noticed the hall was completely empty.</p><p data-uid="8be62094-b0e5-4873-8ad1-4476f7525c48">"I see there are no guests here," I commented.</p><p data-uid="1cc94829-d192-4263-baed-984f7c4d59d3">"No. The president has booked the entire place for tonight," one of the guards replied.</p><p data-uid="223f1fc5-685d-4e2a-a583-85490a7b0a4b">'<em>The president?</em>'</p><p data-uid="a610a357-d75c-48b8-800c-7a6e8a008667">I wasn't sure which president they were referring to, but I thought this was a complete waste of money. Considering that Evian's daily revenue was in the hundreds of millions, they could have booked a hotel suite instead...</p>