---
title: "Chapter 654: One Company (2)"
weight: 654
---
<p data-uid="5ef5cdf9-09d5-4755-8ff8-3878ed296e5d"><span>Kang Ji-Yung glared at Kim Jang-Bi and said the words she had been holding back since the merger.</span></p><p data-uid="d1b164cb-fa0a-4bb4-950c-54ebace46b63"><span>"From now on, all work by the former Gwanwoo Entertainment talent agents must be reported to me. If you do that, I'll forgive Chief Yoon's rudeness."</span></p><p data-uid="89bfef50-8e90-49df-8889-edf491b8e1ce"><span>Although Hoop and Gwanwoo Entertainment had merged into one company, the reporting system from Gwanwoo's side remained separate. The Gwanwoo talent agents only reported to Kim Jang-Bi, and Kim Jang-Bi bypassed Kang Ji-Yung entirely, reporting only to Vice President Kim Gwan-Woo.</span></p><p data-uid="fd5d5ab8-d28d-4d20-a148-1336273d2fc2"><span>In other words, it was like two companies existed within one. However, Kang Ji-Yung had decided she would no longer tolerate that and would manage things herself. It was a rightful move as a director, but for the talent agents from Gwanwoo, it was like a bolt from the blue. They now faced severe restrictions on the autonomy they had enjoyed.</span></p><p data-uid="0ffc1956-257d-41f2-8585-0235d79329b7"><span>Caught off guard, Kim Jang-Bi hesitated before he began to speak. "Ms. Kang… that's not something I can decide on my own."</span></p><p data-uid="c778dfe8-96fb-4432-a2d4-ad02bdb8acd4"><span>Kang Ji-Yung scoffed. "Then who decides?"</span></p><p data-uid="5b338783-dd54-46a8-b192-5815a817d0b9"><span>"Th-that's…"</span></p><p data-uid="fafd8ae2-fe2c-45ab-9ded-7159c023992a"><span>As Kim Jang-Bi stammered, Kang Ji-Yung began pressing hard. "If the companies have merged, then the work needs to follow the official chain of command. Did I seem like a pushover just because I kept quiet? I only stayed silent to give you time to adjust. Understand?"</span></p><p data-uid="13ffebcc-76f7-41d5-8efc-463d9f708cb5"><span>"S-still, doing this all of a sudden seems too much. I need to discuss it with my hyung-nim too…"</span></p><p data-uid="0b473bfc-3ef1-4aaa-b466-b9b91b01aaf3"><span>"Oh, give it a rest! I'm giving you a legitimate directive. Why are you still talking nonsense? If you don't like it, then quit. I'll convene the disciplinary committee...</span></p>