---
title: "Chapter 793: Youth, Once Again! (2)"
weight: 793
---
<p data-uid="5230c5d9-f0a4-449f-a4da-2cd813f28ab9"><span>-The truth is… I was so happy to see you that day. I thought, 'Our little lucky charm Mal-Soon finally made it big.' My husband and I cheered for you from beginning to end. I even told Ha-Na that the woman shining up there on stage was the little sister I cherished the most.</span></p><p data-uid="fd3d1245-662f-4f4b-ab2f-3c9a23d09006"><span>Lee Mal-Soon listened in silence.</span></p><p data-uid="e44ea975-b826-4fdb-b25a-62f3b7fc1db2"><span>-When the show ended and our eyes met, I was about to come over and say something. But then I spotted a few reporters near you. They were Choi Tae-Woon and Park Sung-Chan. You know the kind. The ones who knew a little about what happened to you at your old agency.</span></p><p data-uid="c0d07485-92b6-466a-bdab-664bac290ae0"><span>Kim Hyun-Ji paused for a moment and continued.</span></p><p data-uid="b401b354-4975-4000-8ed8-965167d7d14f"><span>-If we had been seen together, those bastards would've spun their own story. So I shook my head and turned away so you wouldn't acknowledge me. I never thought it'd lead to such a misunderstanding…</span></p><p data-uid="6bbc7363-785f-4fae-a003-b91938e80657"><span>From Kim Hyun-Ji's lips came the truth—the reason she had turned away from Lee Mal-Soon all those years ago.</span></p><p data-uid="e47e74a2-1055-44fb-b278-e1d1cf4749a4"><span>Entertainment reporters today were already notorious leeches, but back then, they were far worse. They demanded bribes and hospitality openly, often threatening to publish nasty articles otherwise. Sometimes they even lured celebrities into parties by promising to delete damning pieces.</span></p><p data-uid="ce87c674-75f4-4c60-92a4-9ee6cde3cdc2"><span>That was the kind of world they lived in, and Kim Hyun-Ji had only wanted to keep Lee Mal-Soon's name out of the gossip. Of course, the misunderstanding had stemmed from Lee Mal-Soon's own mistaken belief.</span></p><p data-uid="55bc20a1-7585-4344-a1a6-9a429bde7f7e"><span>"So you really didn't avoid me because your life got ruined because of me?"</span></p><p data-uid="f5d7ff5c-d672-405c-941e-fab1e4f42a95"><span>-Wait a second. You actually thought I resented you all this time because of that day?</span></p><p data-uid="b4a242f3-9a27-483a-b168-ee26a51aef6d"><span>"Yeah… You gave up your dream of...</span></p>