---
title: "Chapter 785: Not You"
weight: 785
---
<p data-uid="e12aacfa-365d-420c-8851-5b2ed03a8059"> <span>The moment I heard that Min Gyu-Ri was coming to Hoop Entertainment, I was so shocked I had to ask again. "Wait a second, what did you just say?"</span></p><p data-uid="27241ea4-ecbd-4aae-b256-6c6b3a84e2cb"><span>Min Gyu-Ri smiled sweetly and shrugged. "I told you. I'm going to Hoop Entertainment. The major shareholders at TNT Entertainment have no intention of keeping the company going, so if it goes bankrupt, my contract will naturally be voided."</span></p><p data-uid="d6c21a01-48b5-4c75-aa35-c7da37418298"><span>Apparently, the Jin siblings of Jinseong Inc.—Jin Myung-Gyu and Jin Myung-Hee—had pulled out of TNT Entertainment the moment news broke that President Bang Sang-Yung had been arrested. At this rate, TNT Entertainment would be officially declared bankrupt in just a few days.</span></p><p data-uid="faabc6b8-7fd2-4af9-8c53-3aa5421bbce7"><span>That was why stars like So Yi-Yung, who were still under TNT, were already planning their escape and setting up meetings with talent agents from other companies. Min Gyu-Ri had made contact with Hoop Entertainment.</span></p><p data-uid="567f7ec5-bab1-4081-97ac-ba802c48ff96"><span>"Hold on. I've never heard about this."</span></p><p data-uid="29055dae-38ff-4b13-9bf6-add5872eb755"><span>When scouting a high-profile actor like Min Gyu-Ri, there had to be an executive meeting, and only after President Kang Gam-Chan signed off could it be finalized. However, there hadn't even been an executive meeting yet and I hadn't heard a word about her joining us.</span></p><p data-uid="f9669101-3a9b-41e3-bf09-2175b217b15a"><span>Min Gyu-Ri shrugged again. "<em>Oh</em>, Mr. Kim Jang-Bi personally came to scout me. He said he was going to tell Mr. Kim Gwan-Woo too, so isn't that basically a done deal?"</span></p><p data-uid="023e2cc3-c3be-43b3-ae8e-98905a17bd8c"><span>Recently, Min Gyu-Ri had ridden the popularity of <em>Hwaranjeon</em> to land a major ad campaign as the face of Clear Soju, the second-largest brand in the liquor industry. Her line in the ad"A glass of Gyu-Ri, please" paired...</span></p>