---
title: "Chapter 93: Aftermath (1)"
weight: 93
---
<p data-uid="de1e28ec-ab5d-4072-a6e1-8a1e8a158bf6">[<em>Moonlight Starpour</em> is off to a great start with an average viewership rating of 13.3% according to TNK!]</p><p data-uid="3772826b-427e-4bcd-896a-8bb60eb8e7a1">[Bold exposure! Fiery action! <em>Moonlight Starpour</em> transforms historical dramas! A historic start, signaling the onset of a new Korean Wave!]</p><p data-uid="8d252714-037d-4819-9cce-f9695d589138"><em>[Blue Sky</em> underperforms with a 5.9% viewership rating according to TNK.]</p><p data-uid="e40fbab3-5961-4bfc-ac03-ef23258e6046">[In the first round of the drama war, <em>Blue Sky</em> faces a complete defeat!]</p><p data-uid="789244d4-27ec-4a27-92d6-0e455633c326">[Box-office guarantee Ju Yung-In. Is this how she falls?]</p><p data-uid="dfa75d3c-661e-4742-8410-ea97217e6333">Ju Yung-In frowned after reading the articles.</p><p data-uid="1fc65e83-c2b0-4e1d-ae0f-49f2e4d8efe1">"Only 5.9%? What? Is this for real?"</p><p data-uid="4f6781bf-f970-49b2-aa12-b6b6f9e67cef">Kang Myung-Gil, who had arrived early in the morning, tried to console her.</p><p data-uid="557dd033-61fd-4154-872e-0b1e1d06fcc0">"It's common knowledge that viewership ratings are low when child actors are featured in the first few episodes. You only appeared in the last ten minutes, so don't worry about these articles. The real battle starts from episode 2."</p><p data-uid="a16ce589-eaeb-4155-8505-f4c753e365b0">"But their viewership ratings are over 13% which is double ours! How can you stay so calm when we’ve been miserably defeated!"</p><p data-uid="085737cd-f96a-422c-804c-9ed57b88d260">But Kang Myung-Gil seemed utterly indifferent to her annoyance as he already knew Ju Yung-In was moving to Ace Entertainment soon. He was only here because of the president's special instruction to take care of her until her last day at Hoop Entertainment. Otherwise, he wouldn't have come at all.</p><p data-uid="e8f79dea-7941-4eb1-b973-41264e0cba2e">"Read me some other articles too. It's too annoying to read them directly."</p><p data-uid="3bf18474-af41-4c44-9fb8-94d4488d8bc4">"Well, maybe it's better to just ignore them if you’re <em>that</em> annoyed..."</p><p data-uid="7c421089-399d-4dbc-8cc3-aa9422740c1c">"Hurry up!"</p><p data-uid="1ef93bd9-17ed-4925-af4d-201e80aee6cb">Kang Myung-Gil started to read...</p>