---
title: "Chapter 88: Trojan Horse (4)"
weight: 88
---
<p data-uid="0b16a8f8-13a9-4994-a337-8dae9259cf23">Gu Seong-Cheol and I were standing in the hallway, waiting for the executive meeting to end.</p><p data-uid="faf51938-f156-4611-8a33-f1195be27e8c"><em>Click.</em></p><p data-uid="463b3f56-4857-4465-bb6b-bfccd33bcedf">When the door opened, Lee Gi-Cheol came out frowning along with Kim Dong-Soo. I hurriedly greeted them with a bow, but Lee Gi-Cheol left without acknowledging it. Kim Dong-Soo also disappeared, barely accepting my greeting.</p><p data-uid="f36be5d5-a16d-48b1-a23f-5f7ec3a47947">Soon after, the finance director and Kang Ji-Yung came out of the room with Kang Gam-Chan. As I greeted them with a bow, Kang Gam-Chan burst into hearty laughter when he noticed Gu Seong-Cheol and me.</p><p data-uid="1b9e53a3-f787-4fcc-b615-4509155e9e74">"Are you here because of the division transfer?"</p><p data-uid="b39b5d93-dc32-4816-a907-2746cc830e2c">"Ah, yes..."</p><p data-uid="6b10e7ce-b594-460a-a55f-edd983f7b862">"Then let's talk about it in my office. Director Jung, please take care of that matter as instructed."</p><p data-uid="17a5b006-51b7-47c8-90fc-89522f8bf35f">"Yes, Mr. Kang."</p><p data-uid="275f01f1-c449-4615-ae43-866a2ec135b2">After the finance director left, Kang Gam-Chan led Kang Ji-Yung, Gu Seong-Cheol, and me to his office.</p><p data-uid="a2b80b67-c5f9-4a8a-86c2-e8bac87056e7">The same explanation was repeated in the president's office, and Kang Gam-Chan fell into deep thought after hearing my explanation.</p><p data-uid="96d2da21-250d-4792-9eb7-803f0101b62e">"Yoon-Ho, is it really impossible for you to manage Yung-In? I heard she even set up a meeting date with Chief Lee of Ace Entertainment. She's really planning to transfer."</p><p data-uid="3a4375c4-886c-41c9-87dc-6d35d3a1119b">While I was contemplating what would be best, the intercom rang.</p><p data-uid="f724506f-ac80-46e9-9440-c44159229131">Kang Gam-Chan answered the call and opened his mouth. "Tell her to come in."</p><p data-uid="fe6cd592-3b4d-49cb-9fea-cda39f53dc87">Shortly after, Yoo-Jin knocked on the door and entered the room.</p><p data-uid="abf80bb2-ff16-4139-b2ec-a0daa9d545a7">Yoo-Jin's face was unusually serious. Instead of her usual...</p>