---
title: "Chapter 395: Han Hyun-Ho (2)"
weight: 395
---
<p data-uid="058b8098-b3c7-487f-9995-89776c90903e"><span>The <em>Hwaranjeon</em> original soundtrack album has a minimum of twelve songs. When I told him I couldn't give him a single track, Han Hyun-Ho glared at me as if he wanted to devour me.</span></p><p data-uid="8470d5f2-cc11-4646-871b-36b4ce1e041f"><span>"Are you serious about not giving me any songs?"</span></p><p data-uid="6dde570c-19a4-45b8-aad3-997422d4ad1d"><span>"Yes, I'm serious."</span></p><p data-uid="c0d14aea-f0f9-4dcd-879c-4058b55d5177"><span>"This is absurd. What's the reason, huh?"</span></p><p data-uid="8b155ac0-6e8b-45f3-bd80-7861ee50b4c9"><span>"Who would give songs to a singer who comes here to intimidate the composer, especially when the album concept hasn't even been decided yet?"</span></p><p data-uid="0de648c9-b551-4a44-b402-8440a4ded204"><span>Of course, I was excluding Han Hyun-Ho because I knew he would be arrested for assault soon, but that was a future only I was aware of.</span></p><p data-uid="bce1e356-2e8e-466a-a44e-8886bc3ad67a"><span>I phrased it in a way Han Hyun-Ho could understand, but he had no intention of listening and raised his voice instead. "You've got to be kidding me. Fine, then listen up. If my name isn't attached to this original soundtrack, you'd better be ready."</span></p><p data-uid="4d163de5-200a-4e0e-bc05-0546830e4ad2"><span>"Ready for what?"</span></p><p data-uid="37dab583-48c9-4f4a-8310-4a9f1b664f25"><span>"It means the upcoming contract renewal is off the table. And it'll be all because of you!"</span></p><p data-uid="6f471ff3-e32e-4733-a1a7-1445876ac69f"><span>There were still six months until Han Hyun-Ho's contract with Hoop Entertainment ended. His contract had always been automatically renewed every two years since the day he joined. However, he was now threatening to stop that.</span></p><p data-uid="ec2ff883-a092-41c7-b68e-9999a0c214e1"><span>Nonetheless, this was great news to me. If Han Hyun-Ho were to leave Hoop Entertainment, the company's name wouldn't end up tarnished by scandal.</span></p><p data-uid="aa057c77-7606-4ecd-994b-5a9393e04254"><span>Getting up from the sofa, Han Hyun-Ho flashed a spiteful...</span></p>