---
title: "Chapter 765: To Hollywood? (1)"
weight: 765
---
<p data-uid="a8a42824-28cb-4326-92ea-d8c163c4b30e"><span>Director Jeon Soo-Do had once been a hit drama PD, and his sister, Jeon Soo-Jung, a best-selling drama screenwriter.</span></p><p data-uid="d01bbaed-8ccc-4368-81df-dd94e97863f0"><span>Five years ago, both left their successful careers in television and entered the film industry together. Their debut film <em>Bucket List</em> followed the brief final days of a man with a terminal illness. It was immediately invited to the competition section at Cannes. Though the film earned critical acclaim, it unfortunately missed out on an award due to poor translation. Still, the siblings were hailed as genius directors in Korea.</span></p><p data-uid="504f3ee2-b847-42d3-970a-7ec9e8b84d3b"><span>A few years later, they released <em>Inferno</em>, a story about a firefighter haunted by the death of his best friend in a fire. He saves lives daily while wrestling with guilt, ultimately saving himself too. <em>Inferno</em> made it to both the Best Screenplay and Grand Prix shortlists, but again fell just short of winning.</span></p><p data-uid="433a7149-0399-44c4-842e-f0437e8103c2"><span>With back-to-back near wins, the Jeon siblings were seen as future winners. Their next film <em>Fireman (火人)</em> finally broke through, earning them the Best Screenplay award at Cannes. Even if they couldn't see the future like I could, they knew how close they were to the top.</span></p><p data-uid="0660412a-7b3e-4884-bdc9-98f8cf6f44c2"><span>'<em>But Hollywood? That part doesn't make sense.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="3986e3c7-521e-48da-84a3-92afb2a19b81"><span>Still on the phone with Lee Yung-Jin, I asked again, "Yung-Jin. Are you absolutely sure? They told Yoo-Jin not Cannes… but Hollywood?"</span></p><p data-uid="fc80e8f8-4862-4c64-bf72-31235775dfc1"><span>-Yes. They're totally fired up about it.</span></p><p data-uid="6dc72754-6159-470e-838f-c27a612c55d9"><span>Apparently, this time they had planned to draw on their experience from their drama days to make the film more mainstream and commercially viable. However, that was just their claim. Before the regression, their box office track record was dismal despite the accolades.</span></p><p data-uid="2a9b317a-5f82-4bc2-ae1c-a845f850f4c1"><span>Still, I owed a lot to LT Entertainment's CEO...</span></p>