---
title: "Chapter 224: Family (6)"
weight: 224
---
<p data-uid="70b3e531-b2a4-4878-a1e8-50bba9604730">"You made it, Kang Eun-Gi," I said in a relieved tone.</p><p data-uid="42ef5e12-dd63-4e1c-9375-3590f7b3d423">Kang Eun-Gi panted and asked.</p><p data-uid="1183f184-a07a-4161-bb07-d05881b88044">-<em>Huff, huff</em>. How did you know they were aiming for me? If it weren't for you, I would have been sniffing incense behind the screen!<a href="#footnote-1dee"><span id="footnote-ref-1dee" class="footnote-ref">[1]</span></a></p><p data-uid="f0234194-7749-4669-a23f-ddc1e624726a">Though I was curious about the situation, it was more important to reassure Lee Yeon-Sil first.</p><p data-uid="6516e299-d7af-4ba9-a089-c39cc03f55aa">"Wait a moment. Let's reassure Yeon-Sil first and talk slowly afterward. I just told her that you had an urgent task and had to handle some schedules. Keep it discreet."</p><p data-uid="5f1a6d07-20a9-4f80-88bd-d754d300e833">-Y-yes, right.</p><p data-uid="301eae9c-8175-41c5-9258-501750f587e1">But as soon as I stepped out of the bathroom, Lee Yeon-Sil was holding her nose and saying, "Yoon-Ho oppa has constipation~ Yoon-Ho oppa has constipation~."</p><p data-uid="af871b2d-5c35-4b36-8c22-7a0bd2458789">I heard that hormone secretion makes it difficult to control emotions during pregnancy. But now, it seemed like Lee Yeon-Sil was deliberately acting this way to dispel her worries.</p><p data-uid="fb3bc3a4-167d-4533-95ba-4aa14aafb4a6">Handing over the phone, I grumbled frustratedly, "Yeah, yeah, whatever. Fine, yes I have constipation! But it's because of Eun-Gi that I got constipated. Here! Take Eun-Gi's call."</p><p data-uid="de638577-e013-4435-9151-9430ece200ad">Lee Yeon-Sil quickly took my phone and started scolding Kang Eun-Gi like crazy. For a moment, although it was just for a brief moment, I thought it was a huge relief that I didn't end up with Lee Yeon-Sil.</p><p data-uid="d69866ed-ea37-4c41-bf1c-01dcb0f08c40">After the endless scolding, we agreed to meet at the hospital where Mom was admitted. After all, Mom wouldn't fall asleep until 2 a.m. anyway.</p><p data-uid="33ff1574-0ebd-4878-bde9-72cab20baa1f">"Yeon-Sil, why don't you take a rest today and...</p>