---
title: "Chapter 105: Music Chart War (1)"
weight: 105
---
<p data-uid="e5695e57-d524-4254-be22-d5df3b57acbc">At TK Entertainment's publicity team’s office, Team Lead Yoo Jin-Myung, who had been so engrossed in monitoring the statistics to the point of eye strain, let out a sigh of relief when all five songs in Petite More's fifth album secured their places in the upper ranks of the music charts.</p><p data-uid="95662dd1-32f9-469e-bb26-49a1c1aa4643">"Mr. Ma! All five songs have successfully entered the top ten of the chart!"</p><p data-uid="8c1666b5-0d02-471b-bc93-87f7c03c6263">"As they should."</p><p data-uid="c824b139-0a9f-4d57-b015-d17f9a003ad8">TK Entertainment had not only uploaded the music video for Petite More's new song 'Masquerade' but also released a second music video for ‘Princess of the Night’ on two consecutive days.</p><p data-uid="9b286c9a-0b4f-430d-9000-3f0fb80bd003">Thanks to this, they achieved the feat of having all five songs rank within the top ten on the music chart websites in real time.</p><p data-uid="0628a1ad-5182-48b2-b37c-eeee913ef7ab">However, Ma Dong-Pal's invisible hand was at work behind the scenes.</p><p data-uid="cf1d0a16-f87f-4492-8104-42b0b22860af">Ma Dong-Pal had brought in a famous producer named Teddy Kim for Petite More’s fifth album. Although he was a competent producer, the reason Ma Dong-Pal brought Teddy Kim wasn't just for his exceptional skills—it was because Teddy Kim had close ties with a company that manipulated music chart rankings, making it easy to secure a number one spot on the charts.</p><p data-uid="ddb9e796-8fca-4335-8238-5b93c8b43932">"We can't relax just yet. Let's keep pouring resources into this for a while."</p><p data-uid="116656c7-8d40-47b1-98ac-6d24f2744735">"Yes, sir. Understood."</p><p data-uid="37943001-bef0-4ab6-856d-da1b06c3b5a4">Yoo Jin-Myung sent a KkTalk message somewhere in response to Ma Dong-Pal’s orders.</p><p data-uid="41f40ab4-158c-44b8-88ea-817e9e2ccdf6">Watching this, Chief Ji Eun-Hak from Singer Division 1 cautiously approached Ma Dong-Pal.</p><p data-uid="9e869b31-0de6-4358-bc36-2a801080f7a4">"Mr. Ma, do we really need to go this far? Having...</p>