---
title: "Chapter 794: Schemer (1)"
weight: 794
---
<p data-uid="1a79d624-2315-4e68-990c-892a5a1bca8a"><span><span>Sung Hak-Soo, the former president of Daechon Inc., was a self-made man who rose from a salaryman background all the way to the top. Inside the company, there were those who sneered that he became president thanks to a strategic marriage. Yet to me, he was the embodiment of perseverance—the very icon of long-suffering patience.</span></span></p><p data-uid="14729fd8-b53b-4472-957c-421763888025"><span><span>He endured for twenty years, weathering the contempt of Kim Bu-Ho, the honorary chairman who looked down on his humble beginnings. And he also endured the whims of his wife, Vice President Kim Ae-Ja. In the end, he finally claimed that seat.</span></span></p><p data-uid="47ed4ea8-9781-42a1-85f5-752cf4c3226c"><span><span>Some called him spineless, but they simply didn't understand him. Sung Hak-Soo was the kind of man who would do whatever it took to achieve his goals. And I knew that better than anyone, because in my previous life, I once worked under him.</span></span></p><p data-uid="bc38cf7f-ac8c-400e-8f9d-32fc34129611"><span><span>Back then, he first approached me with a warm smile, showered me with lavish gifts and generous bonuses, pretending to be the perfect benefactor. For someone like me with no parents, he even played the role of a protective father figure.</span></span></p><p data-uid="ef5b22cc-a8dd-4f8e-b6c2-9ff8076f73ba"><span><span>However, all of it was just a means to an end, nothing more than tools to fulfill his own ambitions. Just like the schemer he was known to be, he began requesting favors from the moment I became a director at Top Entertainment.&nbsp;</span></span></p><p data-uid="2f9423d8-8826-4d48-a19c-8a81caad0598"><span><span>Small things like sending celebrities to minor events was first. Then one day, I received a tip-off that the celebrities I had introduced to Sung Hak-Soo were...</span></span></p>