---
title: "Chapter 628: Missing (3)"
weight: 628
---
<p data-uid="e062d243-98be-4069-a7b6-089d8a9b3db4"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="bf028f72-e920-47fe-9152-d4d454647ebe"><span>[Date: February 11, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="b95e355f-3f11-4159-a9b2-2f134b6d9d33"><span>[Fortune of the Day: What you see on the surface is not everything. Do not hold prejudices.]</span></p><p data-uid="34694f54-3a95-4792-b413-c58b8f97caad"><span>The moment a kind-looking police officer in his late twenties, about 170cm tall, walked into the meeting room, the fortune of the day came to mind.</span></p><p data-uid="1b2e5656-bc44-4112-b0d5-26ee9beccab0"><span>Usually, fortune appeared when something relevant happened or when I met someone relevant. In other words, this fortune was related to the police officer in front of me.</span></p><p data-uid="775b0311-12eb-4651-8d22-62fee8f5df8f"><span>'<em>If what you see isn't everything... Does that mean he's not kind despite his appearance?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="ffbadf88-3e11-470e-9c3a-60285ec6c930"><span>I almost doubted my eyes, but the second line of the fortune snapped me out of it.</span></p><p data-uid="9f6506c7-cb60-4a1c-bf6a-b634f3aa44bf"><span>'<em>Do not hold prejudices.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="974a73d1-1499-4d40-876e-877cf68180b6"><span>Everyday has never lied to me. After a brief hesitation, I decided to put this police officer, who looked like he couldn't hurt a fly, on my watchlist.</span></p><p data-uid="97551683-1840-4adf-8865-606ab6651d47"><span>At that moment, Lee Soo-Yeon, sitting next to me, waved and smiled brightly. "Sweetie~ over here~"</span></p><p data-uid="18ae9751-2009-4cb6-b03d-9a7351d4c0ef"><span>The police officer in his late twenties smiled shyly and raised his hand. I had heard that Lee Soo-Yeon had a boyfriend, and it turned out he was this guy.</span></p><p data-uid="768f155b-0539-4750-94a0-3dfe75e85b8d"><span>That's when I felt a chill running down my spine. If this movie succeeded, Lee Soo-Yeon would be rewarded handsomely. And if he turned out to be a bad person, Lee Soo-Yeon could be in danger.</span></p><p data-uid="611cc11b-ae70-4c0a-95d4-12c6e1afa246"><span>I figured I should better look deeper into who Choi Sung-Hyun really was.</span></p><p data-uid="87fc47da-f384-4f64-8e7c-3bb7fe8c7595"><span>Just then, Ahn Jung-Hae began to introduce the young officer in more detail. "This is Lieutenant Choi Sung-Hyun, partner of Mr. Park Dong-Joon. He graduated from the police university with top honors in criminal psychology. He's here to consult on the film alongside Mr. Park."</span></p><p data-uid="6ae921b9-5c4f-4508-9140-02d2ca489177"><span>Choi Sung-Hyun gave a polite bow. "Hello. I'm Lieutenant Choi Sung-Hyun of the Violent Crimes Unit 1 at Gwacheon Police Station. Please feel free to ask me anything."</span></p><p data-uid="06d6e5d5-139b-4500-b6b2-57231e85372e"><span>As soon as his introduction ended, Park Dong-Joon addressed the actors with a solemn expression....</span></p>