---
title: "Chapter 442: Hwangryong Film Association Preparation (1)"
weight: 442
---
<p data-uid="b2ad80ec-df2d-4615-8eea-fe743de77227"><span>[Everyday V12]</span></p><p data-uid="7e056ff8-10e6-4d66-840a-aeb78dcd39df"><span>[Date: November 30, 2020]</span></p><p data-uid="854359e2-b91f-47bd-9d8c-1dd1477d6899"><span>-11:00 a.m. [NEW: Lee Tae-Poong] &lt;Entertainment Everywhere&gt; Discovery of prior contact between Lee Tae-Poong's associate and Hwangryong Film Association Han Jung-Joo. (Meeting Content: Countermeasures for Lee Tae-Poong's Voluntary Withdrawal as a Nominee. Director Bang Sang-Yung's Trap.)</span></p><p data-uid="cdbf2f8d-d339-4dcd-ba9c-7653634cd20e"><span>'<em>Huh? Tae-Poong won't win the Best Actor Award?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="388cc918-ead8-4081-8967-3196796bb63e"><span>As soon as I read the schedule, I began trembling with anger at Bang Sang-Yung. If Lee Tae-Poong voluntarily withdrew as a nominee, his chance to win the Best Actor Award would disappear.</span></p><p data-uid="ddff30fc-7da6-4769-a94d-d3c924e70a52"><span>I barely managed to suppress my anger and started analyzing the schedule details one by one. After all, understanding the situation accurately was crucial for formulating a response.</span></p><p data-uid="4b0137a5-2c33-40eb-85b2-3587d5505fb2"><span>First of all, Lee Tae-Poong's "associate" likely referred to me. It seemed like Bang Sang-Yung intended to arrange a meeting between me and Han Jung-Joo, the jury chairperson.</span></p><p data-uid="a22d4ab4-c8d4-4e06-b3fd-23e5a761d3a4"><span>After that, he would ensure a photo was taken of the two of us meeting alone and create a major scandal, making it look like I engaged in unethical solicitation. With the backlash, Lee Tae-Poong would be forced to resign as a nominee due to public criticism.</span></p><p data-uid="ea00a1a8-799d-419a-8e44-f6e0b6225a2d"><span>The solution came to me just as easily once the scheme became clear in my mind. '<em>I must avoid meeting the chairperson under any circumstances.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="dcc90765-7778-49fd-811f-1c2e3510bc17"><span>Having made up my mind, my curiosity shifted to how Bang Sang-Yung intended to draw me into his trap.</span></p><p data-uid="6c4e3e23-8e47-4185-bb60-9052abdc0ebe"><span>I took a short and calming breath before slipping...</span></p>