---
title: "Chapter 571: One Sip Milk (1)"
weight: 571
---
<p data-uid="55cd0c5c-121e-45c5-9a2e-999ea1013c58"><span>At the set of</span><em><span> Hwaranjeon</span></em><span>, an ad offer had come from One Sip Milk, the second-largest dairy company.</span></p><p data-uid="09f83caf-3e66-4d03-806d-8d4d9637ffae"><span>Although Han Woo-Hyuk currently had no advertising deals, I couldn't let him accept an ad for One Sip Milk. After all, there was a serious issue with this ad.</span></p><p data-uid="972553d0-b01e-4286-bac8-ea0159e9f031"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="305a1b2b-bafb-4457-a863-d365ee326367"><span>[Date: February 14, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="1b4efdfb-21e2-4e95-bf4e-0d0b07f19c9d"><span>-10:00 p.m. &lt;Entertainment Everywhere&gt; One Sip Strong Milk—illegal false advertising. Sales canceled. (Report: Ad model Han Sang-Hee. Inevitable image damage.)</span></p><p data-uid="7d752a17-563b-4da2-9966-d21f4738d8ce"><span>One Sip Strong Milk was a new product released late last year, promoted as a functional milk that supposedly cured osteoporosis just by drinking it. Initially, sales were sluggish. But once Han Sang-Hee became the model, sales skyrocketed.</span></p><p data-uid="f91db304-2001-4e40-b5a2-3239923523c6"><span>However, a civic group soon revealed that all the advertising claims were false, and a sales ban was issued. As a result, Han Sang-Hee suffered serious damage to her image.</span></p><p data-uid="1bd0efb1-dfb7-45e5-8c27-2ef502c12a54"><span>Since that incident was still noted in my planner, I had no choice but to refuse Yoo Moon-Ho's offer.</span></p><p data-uid="1ae50610-19df-4c4d-b529-28e8d8d47b0a"><span>"I'm sorry."</span></p><p data-uid="07957e8f-f488-4157-a193-1d3755985373"><span>Yoo Moon-Ho frowned and glared at me. "You turned down our offer for Miss Yoo-Jin last time too. Are you going to pull the same stunt again?"</span></p><p data-uid="43d64277-6e8e-46b5-9abf-a24d0fd48843"><span>When I didn't respond, Yoo Moon-Ho raised his voice in irritation.</span></p><p data-uid="cd825423-ec11-4393-8a1c-837dd8fc349d"><span>"Listen, Chief Jung. Don't play hard to get. Just name your price. Honestly, we couldn't afford Miss Yoo-Jin, but&nbsp; Mr. Woo-Hyuk's just having a comeback. Do you seriously think One Sip Milk can't afford him? Huh?"</span></p><p data-uid="9b8ce428-939a-4a6a-ba71-684b8c5962be"><span>Yoo Moon-Ho clearly liked Han Woo-Hyuk's performance and wasn't backing down easily.</span></p><p data-uid="f71e34eb-fcd0-4461-8fb5-34f5d9582d58"><span>I desperately wanted...</span></p>