---
title: "Chapter 383: Jiri Mountain (1)"
weight: 383
---
<p data-uid="834dc7b6-33c7-4453-b42d-f1aa60888a05"><span>I checked the planner schedule again to find clues about Lee Tae-Poong's injury.</span></p><p data-uid="deb215ed-8c56-4995-a123-3c65a7b99c80"><span>[Everyday V11]</span></p><p data-uid="534f35fe-3f51-449f-afae-df3640235efc"><span>[Date: October 25, 2020]</span></p><p data-uid="45022e94-b4e0-47c1-8122-651d46076e8f"><span>-12:50 p.m. [NEW: Lee Tae-Poong] Emergency postponement due to injury. (Report details: 12:45 p.m., 119 helicopter take-off time. Emergency transport to Jinju Gyeongsang Hospital.)</span></p><p data-uid="4a45c9d0-c8db-445b-bbdf-1f00704c95e3"><span>The presence of a 119 helicopter meant that he would be seriously injured.</span></p><p data-uid="e1971ba5-53c0-4901-9747-061557d270f6"><span>It was currently 11:15 a.m. Although I didn't know exactly when the accident might happen, the time of the helicopter departure was clear.</span></p><p data-uid="4459dd8d-29dd-4bbd-b5c9-506ddede1aaf"><span>Considering the distance from the helicopter landing site and estimating the time it would take for the helicopter to arrive from the base, the most critical period was approximately 30 minutes to an hour from now.</span></p><p data-uid="3f9f880a-b269-43ef-99d5-210fa6850388"><span>Given the circumstances, the highest likelihood of injury was during the descent. After all, it was quite common for beginners with limited hiking experience to get injured on the way down due to leg fatigue.</span></p><p data-uid="6ca529f6-63db-424c-bcb1-5749a5338518"><span>Finally, I decided to descend only after 12:50 p.m. I thought we might be able to avoid the danger if we only headed down after seeing the schedule disappear.</span></p><p data-uid="67326bab-e7e2-4508-89ae-a2d22890b2f0"><span>At that moment, Lee Dae-Ho, who had been walking around with his phone, approached me. "Mr. Jung, is your phone also not getting any signal?"&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="755dfddc-a746-420d-ad57-aac4a6039b7e"><span>"Huh? Oh…"</span></p><p data-uid="e20e00e9-b649-4161-af13-d6192468a87c"><span>I had been so focused on the planner that I didn't realize there was no signal on my phon...</span></p>