---
title: "Chapter 111: Sound Of Spring (2)"
weight: 111
---
<p data-uid="bfa53120-afda-44f6-b207-3f0965044b7a">It was rather shocking to find out that Golden Road was involved in music-chart ranking manipulation. I couldn't believe they would deceive Kang Gam-Chan and resort to such actions.</p><p data-uid="efbce4aa-2038-4f83-99a1-62f2a7ce9a32">"This is unbelievable."</p><p data-uid="c22bfabb-6794-4133-a752-efd6cde1137a">I considered digging into Golden Road's involvement in the music-chart ranking manipulation, but then I changed my mind. After all, digging recklessly into such a serious matter could lead to a counterattack.</p><p data-uid="a7475611-b99a-4bae-87b3-60065202bd2d">After discovering another scandal within the Suhyaejong line, I wondered if I could find more information and scrolled through the planner. However, as I scrolled through the pages, I noticed that more than half of the content related to Golden Road winning first place on music shows had been deleted.</p><p data-uid="99458622-61fa-4eee-9732-7a0f6767ff5f">"What's this? Why are so many entries missing?"</p><p data-uid="c9108487-cc6b-484e-bcbd-c23cd762b0ee">It turned out that there was more than just one or two groups involved in the music chart manipulation.</p><p data-uid="97e5dae7-8509-498d-802b-ab35f0fb7541">"Damn, everyone must be out of their minds. Aren't they afraid of the backlash? Even without evidence, rumors alone can ruin them."</p><p data-uid="6e478592-b21d-4a92-86bd-db871fa1bb96">I couldn't help but let out a dumbfounded laugh.</p><p data-uid="21c555e2-9fea-4bde-ba0b-c40c75615436">At that moment, a thought suddenly crossed my mind.</p><p data-uid="49509ed6-c9c5-4ab0-8aa4-0f49f74df777">"Wait. Then, how many weeks will 'Hurry Up!' stay as number one on the music chart?"</p><p data-uid="9adcec41-2411-4ad3-ba58-600dba1ac263">I remembered that 'Hurry Up!' had stayed in first place for a long time on the music chart. Nevertheless, the situation was completely different this time since the competitors had fallen away on their own.</p><p data-uid="00b4d9b8-7f4f-4292-a37d-c7294c5f74e3">"This could turn out to be quite interesting."</p><p data-uid="9af9cd4e-9760-4747-be27-1421786b21c3">I found myself smirking.</p><p data-uid="fb1f2e66-a5f4-4c15-a728-b91f278de3fd" style="text-align: center">***</p><p data-uid="004bd00b-2725-4fcd-80c4-878a3eafc4a5">After Cherry Blossom's successful comeback,...</p>