---
title: "Chapter 60: One Day (2)"
weight: 60
---
<p data-uid="f54bda7b-a2ec-46be-b445-e1648d0788dd">『Yoo-Jin and Miso, both having lost their parents, have now become a family.』</p><p data-uid="610c8c98-c6f7-4b05-a855-0f869587471d">『The girl who became a mother at the age of 19, Yoo-Jin, is still diligently reading her scriptbook for Miso's sake.』</p><p data-uid="080af1af-267a-4992-9fa0-0f225ee1c2d4">『Her decision to challenge 'acting,' something she had never done in her life, was solely for her daughter, Miso.』</p><p data-uid="fe1de7b3-2d39-4bd7-96e8-5cd46ac59268">『In return, her daughter gives her the support she needs. Despite wanting to play and be carefree, she patiently waits and supports Yoo-Jin.』</p><p data-uid="c24103ad-ed38-4bcb-90d3-430f93188c47">The narration for <em>The Human Stories</em> was usually done by a veteran actor named Choi Seung-Rak. But in this episode, it was the voice of Lee Sa-Rang, who played the role of Yoo-Jin's mother in <em>Blue Sky</em>.</p><p data-uid="f283935d-8b13-41c8-9d7d-534591a89fd1">"Is this... Lee Sa-Rang sunbae-nim's voice?"</p><p data-uid="34bbd61d-3f62-4680-998c-c0f38d4086ea">"It seems so."</p><p data-uid="d47542fb-3987-4436-adb6-7e901da15be8">Yoo-Jin also looked surprised.</p><p data-uid="c5431084-f6d7-485e-8a3f-887324c3c976">Lee Sa-Rang had always adored Yoo-Jin like her own daughter during script readings. But I never dreamt she'd participate in the narration for <em>The Human Stories</em> for Yoo-Jin.</p><p data-uid="af3a6358-be0a-4a62-b900-ed69bced5ffc"><em>‘Such a top-notch actress must be busy yet she made time to help Yoo-Jin. I should personally reach out and thank her.</em>’</p><p data-uid="73a43a9b-f23e-468d-b93c-c2830c577e87">Then, the scene changed again.</p><p data-uid="889534cd-390e-4b9b-9f04-3231cdc0d2a2">This time, it showed Gu Seong-Cheol and me lamenting over the comments on social media and articles.</p><p data-uid="8dbdaaf4-5c15-4ac3-b6c4-0174368bbfac">『Why do they write such hateful comments...』</p><p data-uid="d92554ef-7e13-46a4-a6f4-7dbf121da6ea">Our concerned expressions in the video were followed by Lee Sa-Rang's trembling narration about how Yoo-Jin was suffering due to fabricated articles written by Reporter Ju Kang-Yong. She...</p>