---
title: "Chapter 406: Acting Practice (1)"
weight: 406
---
<p data-uid="25ce8c59-e608-4387-871e-79b7b5056cf2"><span>Oh Bok-Hee suggested the role of Kim Beop-Min, who appears in episode 20 and beyond of <em>Hwaranjeon</em>.</span></p><p data-uid="21dc64dc-26bc-4131-9134-651b8f5e2def"><span>Since filming for this role would only begin in about two months, there was plenty of time to prepare after passing the audition.</span></p><p data-uid="9f047e8a-4656-49c8-b787-19ae6e43b596"><span>Moreover, most people considered the role of Kim Beop-Min to be just a decent supporting role as the script by Han Woo-Ju had only been completed up to episode 25.</span></p><p data-uid="7efc57f6-081b-4e86-a0b3-00439f54deb2"><span>As everyone was certain the role wouldn't have much screen time, there wasn't much interest in it. This was why Oh Bok-Hee offered the role without much hesitation.</span></p><p data-uid="14d1e347-1c38-4362-8323-a4057337619a"><span>However, I knew the future of this role.</span></p><p data-uid="f4beec53-4501-471e-bb24-0bc3b17e4f23"><span>In my past life, Kim Beop-Min became a complex character—both a political rival of Princess Yu-Hwa and a man who secretly admired her.</span></p><p data-uid="a7387b29-2ef6-478b-9f08-80fc2d754135"><span>The character grew in importance and gained audience affection, resulting in an expanded role.</span></p><p data-uid="b51ac5ed-e160-488b-bc58-2ed9299315dd"><span>The actor who played Kim Beop-Min back then was Park Jung-Min, a rookie actor from TK Entertainment, and he shot to stardom with just this one role.</span></p><p data-uid="2bc2325d-3ba8-4160-96e8-e9c97aabb1b9"><span>In this life, Oh Bok-Hee had already precast Yang Tae-Seung of Yehwa Planning for this role.</span></p><p data-uid="efb64d1a-d045-4280-8d29-161b028fb24a"><span>However, this role had unexpectedly become available again.</span></p><p data-uid="2242755a-4a64-4394-8708-79df6fbcf139"><span>I asked excitedly, "Did something happen to Mr. Yang Tae-Seung?"</span></p><p data-uid="344edeaf-ed64-4d14-855e-33818c2f2e86"><span>Oh Bok-Hee replied in frustration.</span></p><p data-uid="fd34587e-4289-4a50-93cc-622cf6b20e9a"><span>-He suddenly claimed to have developed a panic disorder. Even though we told him to get treatment and come back in two months, he said he just couldn't do it.</span></p><p data-uid="a719e182-5252-433c-8966-4745fea6b21e"><span>"It kinda sounds like an excuse."</span></p><p data-uid="a398d1f3-8c32-426b-bd66-e2af0229855e"><span>-I think so too. He probably got offered the lead in another project.</span></p><p data-uid="a1174f8a-2557-4546-a693-3e8d1927d011"><span>Yang Tae-Seung, a twenty-one-year-old rookie actor, performed...</span></p>