---
title: "Chapter 558: Doppelganger Audition (1)"
weight: 558
---
<p data-uid="4d35b4e2-1b20-478c-8c10-40b9cc2676da"><span>In the audition waiting room for <em>Doppelgänger</em>, Kang Sang-Joon, now 36 years old, raised his voice the moment he saw me.</span></p><p data-uid="467ed4f3-d207-4512-b3a4-121c55fc60b8"><span>"Chief Jung! Are you trying to start something with me or what?"</span></p><p data-uid="36f9c864-6ed1-49cb-93d2-4e22de325ab3"><span>"What are you talking about?"</span></p><p data-uid="92e116fe-c0e2-4876-aac3-c8c3dfdb4b45"><span>"How could you push your actor into this project when you knew I already approached it first?"</span></p><p data-uid="8239ff70-9d42-457e-9d3e-a612acacbe8e"><span>Back when he was with Gwanwoo Entertainment, the more popular actor got priority for lead roles, and others would step back from the audition out of courtesy. It was a kind of star treatment Kang Sang-Joon had grown used to, and he clearly expected the same now at Hoop Entertainment.</span></p><p data-uid="842bec0f-0244-48f2-b66b-4906f7146f0b"><span>However, that wasn't how we did things here. At Hoop Entertainment, roles were earned through skill, not status.</span></p><p data-uid="e81222f4-e954-4def-8622-7cb7aca1561f"><span>Hearing Kang Sang-Joon's nonsense, I responded firmly. "It seems like Mr. Baek didn't explain. At Hoop Entertainment, we encourage actors to compete fiercely in auditions. Whether you get the role or not, it's still a valuable experience."</span></p><p data-uid="bff57ee2-e16e-4dd2-8956-5a4fd3365b3b"><span>I politely explained our company policy, but Kang Sang-Joon scoffed. "Don't give me that crap about experience, Chief Jung. You're just screwing with me because I used to be with Gwanwoo, aren't you? You brought some worthless no-name actor just to throw me off. Don't deny it!"</span></p><p data-uid="50ea181c-dbd9-4940-ae49-419c8dcd0fc0"><span>Clearly infected with star syndrome, Kang Sang-Joon twisted everything...</span></p>