---
title: "Chapter 591: At The Jiri Mountain (2)"
weight: 591
---
<p data-uid="1f6697c6-9102-4880-be6a-078de620e54d"><span>Park Sun-Jae had moved the schedule from 10 to 9, but Everyday's schedule entry remained unchanged.</span></p><p data-uid="8511cf5a-bdfc-4c70-80ad-7c6c8f92394c"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="1447a498-ec97-4145-8504-4de40d5670ad"><span>[Date: January 26, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="77888f2c-f165-40ed-b461-43d583b54df3"><span>-10:00 a.m [NEW. Lee Tae-Poong] Emergency helicopter transport to Jinju K Hospital ER. (Other: Contact Tae-Poong's parents.)</span></p><p data-uid="2b55245a-97fc-4fc1-a5ec-b737a4a9ff34"><span>Even after changing the shooting order, the schedule entry didn't update, which meant the cause of the incident lay elsewhere.</span></p><p data-uid="c63c4968-8d15-4134-a611-fd3feac1829e"><span>I was a little disappointed, but that didn't mean I could just give up. I was prepared to do everything I could and, if necessary, stop the shoot altogether to protect Lee Tae-Poong. Of course, I would be criticized, but that was a small price to pay compared to one of my actors getting hurt.</span></p><p data-uid="7e9bd01b-cd19-4790-85da-298bd0f5a453"><span>At that moment, Ahn Yoo-Joo cautiously asked, "Um, will Mr. Jae-Soo be okay to shoot today? He didn't look too well earlier."</span></p><p data-uid="b91699ac-08dc-4a0d-8733-128a34db3362"><span>"<em>Oh</em>, I'll take care of him and bring him myself, so don't worry."</span></p><p data-uid="9d6c3033-1628-4c24-a8ba-897238f63373"><span>"Right, with Mr. Jung here, I guess I was worrying for nothing."</span></p><p data-uid="627cf7ce-8878-42d2-9fb5-6ada0fc17997"><span>Relieved, Ahn Yoo-Joo smiled and hurried down the stairs.</span></p><p data-uid="d5ed2c30-ee07-4741-b2d2-c06b00e30882"><span>I then turned to Lee Tae-Poong and Kang Si-Ah. "Sorry, but since the shooting order changed, you two will be going first. Are you both okay with that?"</span></p><p data-uid="472d9fae-09dd-4ad4-9450-48ff823c27a3"><span>Lee Tae-Poong nodded and picked up Kang Si-Ah. "Hey sweetie. Want to play a running game with Dad outside?"</span></p><p data-uid="f10706ba-b170-4aaa-97d7-7c481c6d9bae"><span>"Yeah! I love running!"</span></p><p data-uid="e98a2a04-78f1-4f5a-b98d-b57642ce6140"><span>Scene 122 involved escaping from the lodge, and Lee Tae-Poong, like a real dad, gently reworded everything. To keep Kang Si-Ah from getting scared, he turned everything into games like tag and running, while maintaining the scene's context of fleeing from a killer.</span></p><p data-uid="2f409fbb-adb8-4672-a58a-2ff405abb0c4"><span>Kang Si-Ah, true to her child role, naturally responded to Lee Tae-Poong's acting. Watching...</span></p>