---
title: "Chapter 857: Emergence Of A Strong Enemy (3)"
weight: 857
---
<p data-uid="79d654b2-8286-4710-a09c-c77bcc979cc8"><span><span>Even before the regression, Director Hong Ah-Yoon had been one of the board members at HK Entertainment. She had inherited her father's business acumen, but also his deeply arrogant attitude.</span></span></p><p data-uid="5dd0714b-4ce1-4ada-9ba6-79139499eb91"><span><span>At first, the employees at HK Entertainment kept their mouths shut, content with their high salaries. But gradually, they started quitting one by one as they were unable to endure her tyranny and crude remarks.</span></span></p><p data-uid="82948380-8177-4960-94f2-6d2f4a895f75"><span><span>No matter how desensitized office workers were to power abuse, they couldn't tolerate Hong Ah-Yoon slapping faces or hitting heads with document folders on a daily basis. Those who left began posting their stories on anonymous job boards. However, HK Inc. used its influence to immediately scrub those posts.</span></span></p><p data-uid="82b25b09-4c85-41fa-81c0-13116f59ef2f"><span><span>Then one day, a staff member at HK Entertainment attempted suicide and the internal issues exploded into the media. The government launched an immediate investigation, and what had previously been dismissed as gossip turned out to be true.</span></span></p><p data-uid="bcbc091e-b836-44f5-ad52-52fb22c9cfe2"><span><span>Not long after, another of Hong Ah-Yoon's secrets became public. It was revealed that she had been in a sponsorship-based relationship with a male actor under HK Entertainment. As a result, HK Entertainment, which had already been on the decline, was forced to shut down completely.</span></span></p><p data-uid="ed367e91-54d6-4b80-9902-311bcc14c9db"><span><span>All of this would happen within just two years of the company's founding.</span></span></p><p data-uid="9e1c7beb-5ea7-4c3d-8b89-7da995e9cf28"><span><span>That was why I had warned Hong Ah-Yoon that the company would collapse because of her. I knew she would never change her nature.</span></span></p><p data-uid="fedb1e0f-1f13-4f1b-ac8d-0172e092cabc"><span><span>At that moment, she approached me, her height nearly matching mine thanks to her high heels, and stared straight into my eyes. Her sharp eyes blazed as if ready to devour me and she spoke in a low, venomous voice.</span></span></p><p data-uid="d6572062-2974-4e39-958e-6b8c9becf5b6"><span><span>"HK Entertainment's going...</span></span></p>