---
title: "Chapter 376: Go Jae-Soo (1)"
weight: 376
---
<p data-uid="7882dc9d-4233-419e-b4c8-3b44f1802a6e"><span>After Choi Man-Sik left the company, Gu Seong-Cheol called the team leads of Actor Division 2 into his office.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="57a2657a-39c1-48a4-9c09-e0826cec3e82"><span>Gu Seong-Cheol patted me on the shoulder with pride and complimented me generously. "I had my doubts, but you've finally managed to bring in Jo Min-Sung. You've really done well, Yoon-Ho."</span></p><p data-uid="68d50fa3-b783-44e1-bb9d-708de621720f"><span>I replied with a grin. "He's still three months away from officially joining us, though."</span></p><p data-uid="6b13902a-8c95-492e-8e85-4d3d033ed388"><span>"But it's practically a done deal, isn't it? Min-Sung isn't one to reverse a decision once he's made up his mind—he's too proud for that."</span></p><p data-uid="dc223272-0953-4516-bcf3-1d42db2b2fb8"><span>The other team leads eagerly echoed Gu Seong-Cheol's sentiment.</span></p><p data-uid="f7815895-94ed-4de8-b26e-b7b502d9a01e"><span>"Mr. Gu. Right now, Director Bang's group and the Actor Division 1 team are practically in mourning. They used to brush us off saying we only handle supporting actors, and they used to act so superior."</span></p><p data-uid="8151b3c2-e2a4-4f96-9574-ef3ce54cb57d"><span>"Same goes for Actor Division 3. They've been completely dazed ever since they heard Song Ji-Hwan and Sung Han-Yung are coming over to Actor Division 2."</span></p><p data-uid="039e7236-cacd-477a-a017-39a7d4101f4b"><span>Gu Seong-Cheol burst out laughing, and everyone celebrated my success as if it were their own.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="5301fd06-65fd-44d1-86a9-9e917185dea1"><span>After a moment, Park In-Ki smiled faintly and spoke up. "Mr. Gu, I think it's time you told us why you gathered us here."</span></p><p data-uid="c7cdfb8c-9e23-43e7-8c96-737810d5ca4b"><span>Gu Seong-Cheol stopped laughing and cleared his throat before speaking, "Actually... I called everyone here to see if there was anything we could do to support you, Yoon-Ho."</span></p><p data-uid="12690b3a-0094-4458-8fc3-072775a8e6a2"><span>I had only thought about taking care of Actor Division 2, so the thought that I might receive help hadn't even crossed my mind. However, such a stance...</span></p>