---
title: "Chapter 233: Approach (2)"
weight: 233
---
<p data-uid="61f284e4-bc18-45b0-8da3-ffb41a329858"><span>To me, my parents were the people who left a helpless infant in front of an orphanage on a cold November dawn.</span></p><p data-uid="dcc0634b-ecad-468a-bf1e-f3a3ba094b13"><span>Fortunately, the nuns discovered me before their early morning prayer. If they hadn’t, I wouldn’t be alive because the temperature was below freezing point and the cloth wrapping me was thin.</span></p><p data-uid="398a716c-4de4-4e7d-9940-b1a705526446"><span>Perhaps because Kang Eun-Gi suffered alongside his mother, his resentment toward his father whom he had never met was much stronger than mine.</span></p><p data-uid="823d8579-9ef1-445e-9e14-f045075d666d"><span>Because of that reason, I answered Lee Yeon-Sil’s question like this.</span></p><p data-uid="61269329-43e6-45fc-915d-c2e0f6e58668"><span>"To me, Sister Michaela was both a father and a mother. So don’t bring up that talk ever again. Besides, if he really wanted to find his son, he would have come himself. Sending someone else doesn’t make sense."</span></p><p data-uid="d850aa52-3223-47eb-9377-cf7a263a6b8a"><span>My sharp words made Lee Yeon-Sil flinch, but she didn't give up on trying to persuade me.</span></p><p data-uid="eb32f80a-30bb-499c-bd81-166284706b4e"><span>Lee Yeon-Sil never knew her parents’ faces like I did, but she had always wanted to meet them. She believed there must have been an unspeakable reason that her parents abandoned her.</span></p><p data-uid="8dada23b-0166-4a13-8049-73903c32e0f9"><span>-But still. Contact them just in case. I got their business card for you.</span></p><p data-uid="1c178153-b2b0-49b7-bdd2-4f9284786880"><span>"Business card?" I asked.</span></p><p data-uid="d70aede9-ebc6-42b2-8229-ef80f7c89cf8"><span>-Yes, they're from Daeheung Savings Bank. He’s the president.</span></p><p data-uid="981dca99-4578-4305-b3ee-8069f51cda7b"><span>I couldn't make sense out of this situation.</span></p><p data-uid="da111fa9-e11e-42b8-bcfb-979add8ec41c"><span>'</span><em><span>Why would the president of a large savings bank in Seoul look for someone else’s child?</span></em><span>' I wondered.</span></p><p data-uid="422158ef-96be-4d1f-b3f5-cc5269d113a7"><span>That's when a thought came to min...</span></p>