---
title: "Chapter 368: Jo Min-Sung (2)"
weight: 368
---
<p data-uid="010ed028-22d5-4647-ba58-cb29f98f3a22"><span>As I walked into the meeting room of Actor Division 1, I saw Jo Min-Sung sitting in the center with Bang Sang-Yung on his right and Choi Eun-Seok, who had become the chief of Actor Division 1, sitting on his left.</span></p><p data-uid="19580cfd-88de-4691-b6d5-4ed105449cdd"><span>Once I sat down, Jo Min-Sung spoke with a stern expression. "Let's cut to the chase since we don't have time. What exactly do you mean by getting me more ad money?"</span></p><p data-uid="964a07b1-6f6a-4aa8-994f-e18919db8f9a"><span>I responded without a moment to catch my breath. "Mr. Park deliberately pitted you and Tae-Poong against each other to cut the ad fees. If things continue this way, you're just playing into their hands."</span></p><p data-uid="b712984f-f42e-4bee-8728-d3cdf8348d87"><span>Jo Min-Sung frowned as if he couldn't believe it.</span></p><p data-uid="537fa872-95e4-4724-9a2d-8fc61c646b85"><span>At that moment, Bang Sang-Yung turned on me. "Team Lead Jung! The discussion is already settled. Why are you still dragging this out? You refused to back down on the HY ad just yesterday, didn't you? So what's this new game you're playing?"</span></p><p data-uid="59eb72d5-999f-4361-99f9-ecd595df4eef"><span>I glared at Bang Sang-Yung and answered. "All I did was turn it down just once and you think I'm playing a game? Think logically. If I had accepted the offer immediately without hesitation, what would that have done to Tae-Poong's reputation?"</span></p><p data-uid="760deb1e-7df8-471c-8251-1efe023ffce2"><span>Lee Tae-Poong was now a 10-million-viewership actor and an S-class lead.</span></p><p data-uid="8b629870-1f25-4590-a43b-9bdcf64c7740"><span>At the mention that I was trying to protect my actor's reputation, Jo Min-Sung finally nodded in understanding. "I get that. But even so, why the sudden change of heart to help me? I'm not even your actor."</span></p><p data-uid="6efb146f-5d84-4ae8-8618-4c724fd9ca74"><span>"As I said, I was just trying to push back...</span></p>