---
title: "Chapter 16: Unchanging Viewership Rating (4)"
weight: 16
---
<p data-uid="1a82f480-b98e-480a-813a-6116d2fe3955">Kim Myung-Hak&rsquo;s voice cracked as he talked to Lee Ji-Yeon over the phone.</p><p data-uid="d7fce1e8-7251-433c-9b11-a5306a003c3c">&ldquo;W-what do you mean, Ms. Lee? That&rsquo;s nonsense. You know very well how we are barely scraping together the production budget, don&rsquo;t you? We can barely even breathe because the cable TV is pressuring us. You know that&hellip;</p><p data-uid="02ab5c2b-ee4c-4a2f-b736-c957130b7f3d">&ldquo;Hm, is that so? Mr. Park said otherwise. He said there was excess money so he plans to use it on computer graphics. Anyway, I was shocked to hear that. Was giving you a 30% discount on my script fee a mistake? Huh?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="18b7f192-1b6e-45c9-b198-9b02c3792100">&ldquo;Oh my goodness, that crazy bastard! Ah, I&rsquo;m not cursing at you, Ms. Lee. I&rsquo;m cursing at Doo-Shik, so please don&rsquo;t get me wrong!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="2dc9f06f-d8f6-47cc-8ece-10046403e7dc">The desperate Kim Myung-Hak insisted he absolutely had to come to the set and sort out the situation.</p><p data-uid="8b5587bc-df9d-41d5-b042-ccb3f778ad2c">&ldquo;M-Ms. Lee. We shouldn&rsquo;t be doing this over the phone. Let&rsquo;s meet face to face. I&rsquo;m near the set right now, so I&rsquo;ll be there in ten minutes. Just ten minutes!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="262e52f7-8df7-48d0-b57f-ee19968685c3">&ldquo;Ten minutes? Okay, Myung-Hak. I&rsquo;m going to leave if you don&rsquo;t come by then.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="f3fe4a6c-17da-4534-981a-2bf42facc559">&ldquo;No! You can&rsquo;t just leave! I swear I&rsquo;ll be there in ten minutes no matter what!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="8d26287a-c706-430c-867b-81eda8ad1a5f">With the sound of Kim Myung-Hak footsteps, the call was cut off.</p><p data-uid="c975978a-bf5b-42b2-83af-0302535a3538">The General CP of MBS Drama Division Kim Myung-Hak was on his way.</p><p data-uid="9dd09122-d0e4-4a40-b872-ce27d44c8ae6" style="text-align: center;">***</p><p data-uid="3f4fd00a-6282-4cd5-b123-6f28755faffa">After ending the phone call with Kim Myung-Hak, Lee Ji-Yeon leisurely settled into a chair at the site and savored the coffee I had handed to her.</p><p data-uid="daba6c34-88a9-4005-a669-c0a1d886d897">Knowing this couldn&rsquo;t go on, Ma Dong-Pal quickly approached Lee Ji-Yeon. He stood in front of her and bowed his head in greeting.</p><p data-uid="a92862c3-8deb-4c1c-94ea-d4d784c8d6b0">&ldquo;Ms. Lee. It&rsquo;s been a while since we last met.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="9ae0c925-4ca7-4472-9ef1-86b7a263de7e">Lee Ji-Yeon answered with a frown.</p><p data-uid="45eb2a9b-f869-4bf1-bd2a-f1c6867c5d41">&ldquo;Hey, Dong-Pal~. I heard you rarely come to the set after your promotion. What brings you here today?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="fb8399d3-547e-47b5-a77a-bedd815e9ee9">&ldquo;Um, Ms. Lee&hellip;can we talk privately? I believe any misunderstandings can be resolved through a chat and&hellip;&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="2fdff830-4940-4c28-92cb-c24991901604">Lee Ji-Yeon waved her hand and interrupted Ma Dong-Pal.</p><p data-uid="adf5999c-f320-4c51-84c3-1d9e12972ead">&ldquo;Misunderstanding, you say? Do I look like a fool to you? I&rsquo;m not in the mood to talk with you right now, so it&rsquo;d be best if you stayed out of my sight.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="8bead305-9064-49d2-be5a-ffe6750a0390">Ma Dong-Pal tightly bit his lip at Lee Ji-Yeon&rsquo;s sharp refusal.</p><p data-uid="1d2f9e38-dac8-4285-ab9a-a6e94b03fbe2">&ldquo;Then&hellip;I&rsquo;ll visit you at your home tomorrow.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="56558d5b-7251-41c7-8ef1-4b66a7883541">&ldquo;I&rsquo;m busy tomorrow&mdash;and the day after. I&rsquo;ve moved, so don&rsquo;t come. Frankly, I&rsquo;d prefer if we never met again.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="20601de3-ac95-49ca-bf6b-cb6756767625">Ma Dong-Pal&rsquo;s face turned from red to pale. Then without another word, he retreated into the opposite end of the set.</p><p data-uid="722c6bf6-ceb0-4b74-b816-628eff214ceb">After he disappeared, Lee Ji-Yeon started sipping her coffee again.</p><p data-uid="7de8b89a-19c6-4d03-b1bd-7eccb1e08260">&ldquo;Why does this coffee taste so good all the time? It&rsquo;s not even Astrobucks.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="b2238f45-ca16-4509-9796-cd4041f3e508">This time, Park Doo-Shik took a deep breath and approached Lee Ji-Yeon.</p><p data-uid="daceb72f-a981-4d5e-aa50-78fc42a0f27e">&ldquo;Um, Ms. Lee. There must be a misunderstanding.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="5c634f25-bd6f-4375-ab3b-50426b4f905d">&ldquo;Hmm? What misunderstanding?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="59603bbf-f6e4-437f-9d21-ebfec5237f32">&ldquo;There is a valid reason why I intended to shoot using the original script and not the revised one&hellip;&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="1938e4f0-5349-4034-939c-9933a919febc">Park Doo-Shik tried to explain, but Lee Ji-Yeon just smirked.</p><p data-uid="a0159492-9f2c-4b84-8317-62f3d65d9965">&ldquo;Oh~? You went back to the original script without consulting me when I stayed up for forty eight hours revising the script? Mr. Park, just because I&rsquo;m smiling doesn&rsquo;t mean you can treat me like a dumbass.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="2a46544c-4215-4072-9e4d-2e51b1318905">Lee Ji-Yeon glared at Park Doo-Shik with eyes as sharp as a viper&rsquo;s.</p><p data-uid="9deca471-9a99-4fe2-8e3f-68f8e798ab71">&ldquo;No, no! That&rsquo;s not it. Ms. Lee. The thing is&hellip;the chemistry between Jung Yoo-Jin and the lead actress wasn&rsquo;t as good as the first day, so I had no choice but to use the original script! It was a tough decision. And didn&rsquo;t you say that directing was my domain?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="31f96f59-626c-4180-af03-79c01f3bd3e7">The staff murmured among themselves at Park Doo-Shik&rsquo;s desperate lie. Yet no staff dared to openly challenge the PD&rsquo;s lie.</p><p data-uid="391bfe93-def9-45d9-b5ad-a6f7933a878a">&lsquo;<em>But what a shame I had already sent all the on-set footage.</em>&rsquo;</p><p data-uid="27b34c0f-4ef3-4045-b271-77e108c681f4"><em>Thud.</em></p><p data-uid="fb36fa67-a279-4ba4-8aca-f8146e8bee4f">&ldquo;Shut~ up~!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="90b4bf7f-bbf5-4d11-949e-37dddbaced08">&ldquo;<em>Hic</em>.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="2885b0c3-f38d-4c90-9cd4-3d979d4cf821">Lee Ji-Yeon shouted in an irritated voice, causing Park Doo-Shik to hiccup. She was evidently angry.</p><p data-uid="a244ffe0-dc54-42a9-bf7d-453091d90f48">&ldquo;You want to talk about directing authority? Is that how you interpreted respecting each other&rsquo;s domain? If you wanted to toss my script into the trashcan and do as you please, you should&rsquo;ve worked with a different writer. Weren&rsquo;t you the one who desperately wanted to work with me?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="b572c291-7855-45fa-a577-6dac0070d18a">&ldquo;T-that&rsquo;s not what I meant&hellip;&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="1b51e82f-11f8-4359-bdb1-64e94c9a8c47">&ldquo;And you&rsquo;re saying that Yoo-Jin did well on the first day but not today?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="3ae9d81b-07d5-4b42-b907-389f0f2dad03">&ldquo;Y-yes&hellip;please trust me&hellip;<em>Hic!</em>&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="b9792a90-6a35-4363-b280-555568f07dfe">&ldquo;So you&rsquo;re saying that girl acted better than Yoo-Jin? Are you sure?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="b2fb46b9-32c0-4741-950b-5c72ef6be675">When Lee Ji-Yeon pointed at Park Eun-Bin, Park Doo-Shik quickly nodded. Lee Ji-Yeon made a dumbfounded expression and spoke with determination.</p><p data-uid="67ef7b2a-a80b-4c1d-a935-8e3e71ffec53">&ldquo;Fine. Then I can see her acting for myself, right?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="d7c53683-a0b1-483f-89dc-ec4cc2ad4b82">&ldquo;I&rsquo;m sorry?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="b60bc119-965a-4256-bb23-049b60e61bc1">&ldquo;Show me her acting! You stopped at scene 272 of the revised script, didn&rsquo;t you? If everything you said is true, I&rsquo;ll take back everything I said and say good things about you to Myung-Hak.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="ed81cfb7-8571-4aa6-9acb-26bac328eb66">&ldquo;R-really? <em>Hic.</em>&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="0444a9c8-04d9-4b7e-877f-31f4f006e7a2">&ldquo;Yes, really.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="5c22938a-bdf8-4f9d-9f64-f10b870438a7">Lee Ji-Yeon boldly proposed a head-to-head comparison between Yoo-Jin and Park Eun-Bin&#39;s acting to pressure Park Doo-Shik. She seemed confident that Yoo-Jin&rsquo;s acting was better.</p><p data-uid="78e015bf-e2ce-4348-b70f-460cc011e107">&ldquo;Okay, ma&rsquo;am. You better keep your words.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="01a723ee-c712-4d4d-a7cf-24cab5bfad91">With a desperate look on his face, Park Doo-Shik quickly gave orders to the staff. Soon, the lights were set and every staff member took their positions.</p><p data-uid="d52d4bb1-8f21-480c-9fad-bdd794165a60">Lee Ji-Yeon spoke to Choi Eun-Yung with a gentle smile.</p><p data-uid="3f2a7811-7a09-4232-b777-ade3e36c2f45">&ldquo;Eun-Yung~ I&rsquo;m sorry about the sudden situation. But you can still act, right?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="ddec2373-fe2e-4b2e-9368-d397768b7ed9">&ldquo;Of course, Ms. Lee.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="8ca421d6-8420-443b-baea-fafa410ff0b3">Choi Eun-Yung nodded with a confident expression.</p><p data-uid="a599fc12-be94-4a25-bf6f-5a3b094aac5d">&ldquo;Hey, you there. Can you act?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="f30a6928-528d-4b60-8b6d-9c9b77136a20">When Lee Ji-Yeon called out Park Eun-Bin without using her name, the latter bit her lips and nodded. However, Lee Ji-Yeon didn&rsquo;t bother scolding her for her bad attitude.</p><p data-uid="b2684b91-90d7-4116-9025-ecc66d3ce8f1">&ldquo;What are you doing, Mr. Park? Give the cue. I don&rsquo;t know what I&rsquo;m going to do if Myung-Hak arrives first.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="783481da-c23e-4f00-a218-bfc0381d21c7">Park Doo-Shik nodded and quickly cued for the shoot to resume.</p><p data-uid="930faeb7-d8f7-4dd4-ab3f-f329b1f0e9b0">&ldquo;Alright, Miss Eun-Bin. Relax and just do as before. Scene 272. Ready~ Action!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="23dd06b1-d56c-441d-a621-d36885ed1d4f">The moment Park Eun-Bin started acting, I could immediately tell it was over.</p><p data-uid="030e96e4-8a0e-4073-a864-d20dcfdcce1f">Lee Ji-Yeon looked more troubled and horrified than ever.</p><p data-uid="4cfa2794-dae2-4372-8499-0248cbbc99bc" style="text-align: center;">***</p><p data-uid="0f4c711a-7a31-4dea-a429-f92596b0415c">&ldquo;Cut~! Great job, Miss Eun-Yung. Well done, Miss Eun-Bin.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="e14f17f0-7966-4f5f-b8ea-2d3377f756c8">Park Doo-Shik&rsquo;s expression brightened when the acting ended without any NGs.</p><p data-uid="7319c584-ea38-41da-8778-fedae024cee5">The staff around him whispered about Park Eun-Bin&rsquo;s terrible acting, but Park Doo-Shik let out a sigh of relief as if he didn&rsquo;t hear them.</p><p data-uid="7e70d621-788a-4dc9-bc23-476257102367">Lee Ji-Yeon frowned and opened her mouth.</p><p data-uid="a09daebe-c34e-4dde-a2f1-d0deb6cd7bcd">&ldquo;Mr. Park. Was that the best?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="8e1121d6-3158-4506-81c1-a8af53dd8dd0">&ldquo;Yes, Ms. Lee. Considering she&rsquo;s from an idol background, her acting is better than expected and&hellip;&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="20b43b0a-7172-4f25-9860-23bbc4e1371f">&ldquo;Cut out the unnecessary words. So that was the best, huh? Understood.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="90202f08-5e50-4703-b7e1-535b53190277">Lee Ji-Yeon turned to look for Yoo-Jin.</p><p data-uid="23f7aeba-c1b7-4138-a63b-ae7389c2898b">&ldquo;Yoo-Jin? Where is Yoo-Jin?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="8ca46302-383e-487a-9781-9c0d2d415a17">&ldquo;Oh? Um, yes, Ms. Lee! I&rsquo;m right here!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="53277774-6933-4e19-a410-ec53d653e85b">Yoo-Jin, who was standing beside me and reading the script, stepped forward.</p><p data-uid="4638aca0-017e-436b-950d-ad0bfa6e2d42">&ldquo;Yoo-Jin. Can you act out scene 275 from the revised script?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="5b0ebbbe-487f-4dc7-a661-8d8de65c85dd">&ldquo;Yes, ma&rsquo;am.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="5ce76b26-9f2b-49f2-be1d-a6832140b205">&ldquo;It&rsquo;s a challenging scene. Are you confident?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="14f0bd35-579f-49ae-9343-7a70794b9faa">Scene 275 from the revised script was where Lee Seol-Ran sided with the female lead to fight against her boyfriend who visited her home.</p><p data-uid="20df1edf-9c10-4e44-a6eb-09d7d6120a81">&ldquo;I&rsquo;ll give it my all without holding back.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="1e0532f2-d2ab-46b9-9256-8acf2d9b9e64">Looking at a determined Yoo-Jin, Lee Ji-Yeon turned to the male lead, Park Eun-Sung.</p><p data-uid="5eb994c9-00d0-4644-9d02-52814d209a60">&ldquo;Eun-Sung~. Be careful not to hurt the actresses.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="995d17a3-11a6-4cd7-ba2c-fe61ec3ad743">&ldquo;Of course, Ms. Lee. No one&rsquo;s better than me when it comes to manners.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="f5e7eea0-7af8-4f7b-b751-b145d369c52d">Park Eun-Sung, a top star with a decade of experience, seemed completely relaxed and confident.</p><p data-uid="19177229-b07f-42fe-a576-258cb3434fa8">&lsquo;<em>Well, Park Eun-Sung isn&rsquo;t the type to be intimidated in this kind of situation anyway.</em>&rsquo;</p><p data-uid="c3778bb8-f67a-4935-a381-92fd50974a50">But the problem was that Yoo-Jin had to hit that top star in scene 275. And not just any hit&mdash;it had to be a solid one.</p><p data-uid="28d47598-4d0b-467c-83d9-f48c3068d915">&ldquo;Eun-Yung. Please lead Yoo-Jin well, okay?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="186d36ea-32c3-493e-8cc0-ad96e96b60e8">&ldquo;Of course, Ms. Lee.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="3ac3bf82-4825-4df5-98f9-82f93b3c1978">Upon receiving the signal that the actors were ready, Lee Ji-Yeon said to Park Doo-Shik.</p><p data-uid="6dd423ee-770b-4a90-b443-f22cc95fc721">&ldquo;Mr. Park. Go ahead and give the cue.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="00bbde9d-5d88-4e9a-97ec-a8ee0b8159c5">&ldquo;Yes, ma&rsquo;am. Revised script scene 275. Ready~ Action!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="b41411be-e6fb-499f-b8cf-006c807b1be5">With the cue, Park Eun-Sung suddenly struck Choi Eun-Yung&rsquo;s head.</p><p data-uid="78ad0007-cc25-42a3-9c9a-7255d8280dd3"><em>Smack!</em></p><p data-uid="51d80bcf-6c4a-4ad3-b89f-e02efeb27b25">With a sharp sound, Choi Eun-Yung fell to the ground.</p><p data-uid="8dc5f8e8-16e8-4620-a921-a64f9153383c"><em>Thud.</em></p><p data-uid="2eb7f6a0-b3b9-4d84-bfca-4631a909e48f">With disheveled hair, Choi Eun-Yung looked up and glared at her ex-boyfriend, conveying a range of emotions&mdash;betrayal, frustration, anger, and sorrow&mdash;with exquisite acting.</p><p data-uid="a84cfafb-fea5-4eb5-b055-c39d7eb95df7">Park Eun-Sung continued with his lines.</p><p data-uid="4873432d-efa2-4808-b59e-015133c8e1f0">&ldquo;Pregnant? Haha! You think you can just waltz into my house with that excuse? I don&rsquo;t believe you. How do I know if the baby is even mine!?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="95d6bae9-f013-491c-a09d-d34b9f234f1f">Park Eun-Sung spitting with a disdainful look was so aggravating that it made me want to slap him. Just as the superb acting from Park Eun-Sung and Choi Eun-Yung continued, the mansion&rsquo;s door suddenly flung open.</p><p data-uid="416c423b-be2f-4b70-8890-16fc4cc2a945">Yoo-Jin started running across the lawn, yelling at the top of her lungs.</p><p data-uid="e64a3e7c-6df3-4589-9ebb-edb27d220da7">&ldquo;Hey! You son of a bitch!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="f0741e95-45a7-4ba0-ad77-8729884fb07e">One of her slippers was off, but Yoo-Jin showed no signs of stopping. The moment she reached Park Eun-Sung, she went in with a full swing.</p><p data-uid="dd04b3b5-5d85-43f7-85e3-59fca537a74c"><em>Whack!</em></p><p data-uid="b46c1b4b-2c7d-459d-8492-328d9556077a">The sound echoed on the set, making everyone&rsquo;s hearts skip a beat. Yoo-Jin&rsquo;s slap with all her might had turned Eun-Sung&rsquo;s head sharply.</p><p data-uid="cec57320-02ba-4349-8a6a-d5ec2931331d">Park Eun-Sung wobbled and fell to the ground.</p><p data-uid="6aac93d1-31f9-4f30-8197-8da898feae08">&lsquo;<em>Uh-oh. Him falling down doesn&rsquo;t seem like acting. What if Park Eun-Sung&rsquo;s agency decides to press chargers?</em>&rsquo;</p><p data-uid="a9075b6f-b65c-4ad3-aaac-5a087c6b4015">Seeing Park Eun-Sung on the floor, Yoo-Jin continued her intense acting.</p><p data-uid="0bb706fe-54b7-48cf-ba3d-7cefbb952333">&ldquo;How dare you hit a woman who&rsquo;s carrying your child? You&rsquo;re gonna pay for this today!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="5dc67a35-7c5f-4ef1-bf5e-9c0a1e1e76fe">&ldquo;W-who are you? How dare you mess with me? Hey! Why are you just staring? Call the police now!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="57b19169-50d2-46b9-ad04-bf66bddcbe54">&ldquo;Police? You&rsquo;re looking at one now. I&rsquo;m here to ensure people like you face justice! You piece of trash!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="1bd047f8-d795-418b-93c3-f6634d81e06a">The role assigned to Yoo-Jin was that of a cop in the drama. Because of that, she confronted Park Eun-Sung with the intention of arresting him on the spot.</p><p data-uid="8778fbac-fe0a-4499-a249-d5f63821b093">But Park Eun-Sung was no easy opponent. Spitting out curses, Park Eun-Sung got up and began to brawl with both Yoo-Jin and Choi Eun-Yung.</p><p data-uid="028ac780-15da-4e60-a9b1-cdca03660b7a">When Yoo-Jin and Choi Eun-Yung attacked him together and grabbed his hair, Park Eun-Sung cried out loud.</p><p data-uid="3d044845-86bb-429a-904b-887f8499e489">It was clearly acting, but it didn&rsquo;t seem like it.</p><p data-uid="d280dfde-59c6-469f-a480-bb44db76478d">I couldn&rsquo;t take my eyes off of them&mdash;and the staff watching nearby must have felt the same way.</p><p data-uid="c9e45adb-bba6-4fa8-a490-af8ea1577a52">&ldquo;Wow, her acting is amazing.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="ca4d9108-b9fb-4b7b-807c-a908b84620a7">&ldquo;I can&rsquo;t believe she whacked Park Eun-Sung without hesitation.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="ef560889-b2fe-4353-98f5-d3d5774af088">&ldquo;She&rsquo;s so bold.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="43ec032e-71e0-4b91-8974-9a17cdbd5831">&ldquo;She&rsquo;s a natural talent!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="11b8798c-9223-4b5e-88c9-a13314961fe4">Impressed by Yoo-Jin&rsquo;s passionate acting, the staff whispered words of admiration while ensuring they did not interfere with the audio.</p><p data-uid="0c275c81-4b5d-452d-bcb6-744424a535ef" style="text-align: center;">***</p><p data-uid="04ae9f72-71f0-4592-a13e-60355bb297d8">&ldquo;Mr. Park. How long are you going to be lost in thought? Aren&rsquo;t you going to call it a cut?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="4350e55e-ac68-4b85-b75f-ab272099e325">When Lee Ji-Yeon shouted, Park Doo-Shik snapped back to reality and picked up the speakerphone.</p><p data-uid="bc3d3ebc-71d6-4c62-bc10-64edbc3ff820">&ldquo;C-cut!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="400c3ecb-a8ad-4fab-9c41-a5ee67f454b8">Only then did the three actors stop their wild movements and slumped to the floor, catching their breaths.</p><p data-uid="6a9f91f1-2e76-4a8d-a255-449aa81fbc58">&ldquo;<em>Huff, huff, huff</em>. Hey, you two! Are you my anti-fans? Were you trying to kill me? Admit it!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="c25464ad-1455-4e97-99a9-ca9145f1ea25">Seeing Park Eun-Sung pant and complain, Choi Eun-Yung and Yoo-Jin made guilty expressions.</p><p data-uid="88609cec-82c1-4e24-822e-c33f6fdb3c0a">Park Eun-Sung&rsquo;s face was red from Yoo-Jin&rsquo;s slap and his hair, pulled by Choi Eun-Yung, was in a mess.</p><p data-uid="12e6baca-e7f1-4afd-9e05-abac7c4e7d21">&ldquo;I-I&rsquo;m sorry, sunbae-nim.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="54eef122-c0a5-417b-ba96-dd2a2dcbc532">&ldquo;I&rsquo;m sorry. I didn&rsquo;t intend to give it my all, but I got swept up in Yoo-Jin&rsquo;s acting&hellip;&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="d095c5cd-9842-47d9-b09d-4f6b8559f688">Glaring intently at the two, Park Eun-Sung soon let out a smile.</p><p data-uid="a773bd0e-b682-4385-af03-6f0b1b396b41">&ldquo;<em>Heh</em>, I&rsquo;m just joking. It&rsquo;s all good. Giving it your all even during mere rehearsals is what makes you a true actor. You both did well.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="9f16f0ce-0d87-4627-8993-43680389bf5c">Park Eun-Sung touched his face and looked at Lee Ji-Yeon.</p><p data-uid="a925a9ad-0485-43d3-b419-c27132ad9d17">&ldquo;Ms. Lee. That was good, right? I can&rsquo;t do more than this.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="17c3ea03-2710-4cda-99d5-52aa5a2a9abc">Lee Ji-Yeon smiled.</p><p data-uid="1eba0644-1a81-4d87-827a-14d331106f69">&ldquo;Eun-Sung~. Your acting when you got hit was great.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="dde91ef2-968f-4f12-b28d-9594d4cc0001">&ldquo;It wasn&rsquo;t acting, it was real. I think I lost a tooth. Please cover my medical expenses for an implant.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="7b44cd33-af1b-4eaa-8d70-85d2ce4dd01e">&ldquo;Okay, Eun-Sung~. I&rsquo;ll make sure they replace not just one tooth.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="1d351113-4ac8-4c6c-84a0-0d771f93a667">Park Eun-Sung shuddered at Lee Ji-Yeon&rsquo;s joke.</p><p data-uid="07aaad44-1e8e-4da8-8e18-1e4eb301a997">&ldquo;Ugh, no thank you. What other scene are you planning to add?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="fd15a424-eb1a-425f-8480-210d2a9418e5">Then, he got up and extended his hands to the two actresses still sitting on the floor.</p><p data-uid="5678ae82-c2bd-4308-9fb2-8f4f947603b3">&ldquo;Stand up. Let&rsquo;s go and thank the staff.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="90956eff-cc6e-45f8-b3e2-47e83525f577">&ldquo;Ah, yes.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="3d544b39-2691-44d0-95ab-36b4ca47037b">&ldquo;Right.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="97d6de1b-1247-4269-ab23-b793a7f0b4bf">The staff on the set were frozen in place, thanks to Yoo-Jin&rsquo;s charisma and how immersed the other actors were in their performance.</p><p data-uid="bf05712f-b10a-4f55-82ca-22063acb8cb2">As Park Eun-Sung led Yoo-Jin and Choi Eun-Yung to thank the staff, the staff soon erupted in applause.</p><p data-uid="8f855393-34dd-488d-9c4a-1e0ed06299dc">&ldquo;Bravo! That was amazing, Miss Yoo-Jin.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="e9779437-f0f8-47a7-abcf-cf94cb000208">&ldquo;Wow, that was incredible. You&rsquo;re so good!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="944e9840-54ce-48a2-b816-9cc58cc701a2">&ldquo;Miss Yoo-Jin, you were the best. Did you learn martial arts or something?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="fecf8711-96e1-4c2f-8de6-39bb7c2db8a9">&ldquo;Wow, Miss Yoo-Jin. You have no regard for top stars, huh?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="1d8bb953-5a5e-4a46-bd00-bd4c581602c1">&ldquo;Do you have something against Mr. Eun-Sung? That slap seemed so real.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="431beb0d-7595-4a31-9de9-56d2cfd3ad04">Yoo-Jin continuously bowed as the praises echoed on site. She was covered in dirt and grass from rolling on the ground and her hair was a mess, but everyone complimented her. After all, she was completely different from Park Eun-Bin who always tried to look pretty.</p><p data-uid="3521e384-a59e-4013-856f-c6e4eb30c6c4">As the staff continued to cheer and compliment Yoo-Jin for her talented acting, Park Eun-Bin grit her teeth and shuddered. Ma Dong-Pal was also dumbfounded as he did not expect Yoo-Jin to show such splendid acting.</p><p data-uid="a36a4b37-20d1-4f0c-a0cf-42b6ffe38a8f">&lsquo;<em>You messed with the wrong person, my guy.</em>&rsquo;</p><p data-uid="14bddcfc-e89b-47b6-b04c-f112b1b5b7c7">Seeing Ma Dong-Pal&rsquo;s distorted face, it felt like the pain in my right hand had suddenly eased.</p><hr/><blockquote><b>Translator's Thoughts</b></blockquote>