---
title: "Chapter 586: Bong Sook-Hee (1)"
weight: 586
---
<p data-uid="4cbea1b8-304e-4d1d-a3aa-475db96cc07c"><span>Before I arrived at the final stop, Sadang Station, I tipped off Star Exclusive's reporter Choi So-Hye about everything that had happened so far.</span></p><p data-uid="7245bac8-0ccd-4bb1-96ab-c2aa74fb2209"><span>That was because Star Exclusive had a tough reporter in charge of the social affairs desk—Kang In-Han.</span></p><p data-uid="59b09b02-7dc0-4d31-879f-24b606b9efe2"><span>"Ms. Choi, I'm currently on bus number 9999 that's about to arrive at Sadang Station. Please send Mr. Kang In-Han from the social desk."</span></p><p data-uid="bf9acae8-ea1c-470c-ae9f-ff59fd36fedc"><span>-Huh? Why do you need Kang sunbae?</span></p><p data-uid="408d13b8-ef99-4690-9cf4-d7f27a48385d"><span>"The company that runs this 9999 bus is forcing the driver to work under a murderous schedule."</span></p><p data-uid="6a293492-22df-42f1-8b23-35ad3831426c"><span>I explained that Osan Best Transport was making an exhausted driver keep driving and even pressured him over the phone to drive over 100 km/h in pouring rain.</span></p><p data-uid="6dc82e84-a660-4bf0-ba7f-598c1753a008"><span>-What? They told him to drive 100 km/h in that downpour? Are they out of their minds?</span></p><p data-uid="30964e1b-9251-4201-bb8e-fe81780d6cfa"><span>Just as expected, Choi So-Hye started jumping up and down.</span></p><p data-uid="59fe8b81-a169-4c74-b3e5-c2f4b227071d"><span>-Hold on a second. Kang sunbae is near Seocho Station. I'll send him to Sadang Station right away.</span></p><p data-uid="e13621d6-f74b-409a-9195-d521c1e5a46c"><span>"Okay. Then I'll ask the driver to pull the bus over nearby. He's in no condition to keep driving."</span></p><p data-uid="2d685a33-9215-4f4e-a9b4-b2773c7b27c4"><span>Soon after, bus 9999 arrived at Sadang Station. While the passengers were getting off one by one, I tried once again to persuade Woo Myung-Jin. I told him I would take full responsibility, so he shouldn't drive anymore.</span></p><p data-uid="81bb2097-74bd-4219-b538-cc1a3a95c365"><span>Completely soaked, Woo Myung-Jin nodded and drove the empty bus to a vacant lot near Sadang Station. Soon after, the moment the bus stopped and the engine was turned off, a call came in from Osan Best Transport's Deputy Director Kim Ong-Joon, hurling...</span></p>