---
title: "Chapter 194: Joyful Wrap-Up (3)"
weight: 194
---
<p data-uid="71848e83-8d27-40a4-abbe-0646c0dd86b6">Numerous fans gathered to take photos of Cherry Blossom and constantly clicked their cameras in front of the main building of MBS.</p><p data-uid="66fc2275-7ba5-475d-9cd6-4bc40b3f2674">Cherry Blossom members were still dressed as they were when they visited the makeup salon, but wearing clothes prepared by Korea's top stylist Lee Mi-Ri made them look like they were in a photoshoot for a magazine by merely standing there.</p><p data-uid="57c28653-509c-43b4-aa67-423277e2ddf5">"<em>Awww!</em> Yeon-Hee, you're the best mom today and tomorrow too!"</p><p data-uid="008308c2-ff60-4fc8-a1af-681fe7e0e44d">"Eun-Bi, look over here! Moon Eun-Bi!"</p><p data-uid="9483015b-4e6a-413d-8d2a-7b4059f6ffbb">"Sae-Ri, baby! Baby long legs! My baby!"</p><p data-uid="9ccc59eb-5531-4aea-8144-099d1c0a4daf">"Yoo Eun-Ah! The goddess of the galaxy!"</p><p data-uid="31ac0761-9402-4184-abf1-6a7b40caae0d">Fans cheered and called out the four members' nicknames. Cherry Blossom members waved awkwardly to respond to the cheers as if they were contestants in Miss Korea.</p><p data-uid="2ddec92e-b506-47fc-8850-c1650d1cd234">"Thank you everyone!"</p><p data-uid="76b45206-8beb-4a09-b122-053c44a14c91">"Thank you for coming today!"</p><p data-uid="668a34ce-9509-4c7b-a917-5a6922879c92">Sae-Ri waved her hand with an elegant expression. "We love you! It's a beautiful morning!"</p><p data-uid="09161361-6e56-4b4f-936a-825d61f74420">Some fans giggled at Sae-Ri's attitude, but I decided to let her do what she wanted since it was all part of the experience. After all, Sae-Ri seemed genuinely happier than ever.</p><p data-uid="c9dffec1-4627-4108-817f-5caf2fde5cec">As I had expected, there was a swarm of reporters next to the fans who constantly flashed their cameras.</p><p data-uid="8801c9e9-8154-4c60-a439-28256be1da96">"Cherry Blossom members, please look this way too!"</p><p data-uid="6d1d446e-d6e0-49da-920c-a521f8faa8e8">"Team Lead Jung, don't just take care of the fans and consider the reporters too! We're humans too, really."</p><p data-uid="4c75a66f-dbf4-488b-8755-a69c40c49b59">"Team Lead Jung, please! I'll be fired if I don't get a solo shot of the members today!"</p><p data-uid="19442d0e-c614-447f-9078-d3038cebea39">Even without the 'entertainment' Lee Gi-Cheol mentioned, reporters braved the crowd to take photos of Cherry Blossom placed in the center...</p>