---
title: "Chapter 776: Finding The Director (3)"
weight: 776
---
<p data-uid="2f3f1be0-f92e-4289-924b-eafe47f991f3"><span>When I stepped out of the room, appetizer plates were scattered everywhere.</span></p><p data-uid="710aa684-0b7f-4adf-b5f4-77b475cb20e0"><span>Sung Yeo-Jin was crouched on the floor gathering them, while Ahn Gil-Tae, director of General Affairs at Suhyaejong, was relentlessly pointing fingers at her. He was gesturing toward his luxury suit, now stained with appetizer sauce.</span></p><p data-uid="188bfa59-4313-4ae7-96a7-0e7c6d3d0d3f"><span>"Fuck! Hey! What the hell are you gonna do about this? Do you have any idea how much this suit costs? You'd have to save your salary for half a year and still might not afford it!"</span></p><p data-uid="b9322082-e3c7-4ed6-91ce-b3935f9a2d9d"><span>Sung Yeo-Jin stopped picking up the plates, pulled out a napkin, and quickly bowed her head. "I'm sorry sir! Please, just wipe it off for now…"</span></p><p data-uid="8cd30362-f401-4d87-ac61-0e59e5c5240d"><span>"Wipe it? Are you kidding me? You did this on purpose, didn't you? You're pissed that I've been working your husband hard lately, right?"</span></p><p data-uid="61675927-eaf5-49ed-8358-d7c2bbd064e2"><span>"No, not at all, sir… I would never. But please, let's clean it first and…"</span></p><p data-uid="9ad770fc-ff85-461f-ae90-ae12b3b62819"><span>They clearly knew each other. That was no surprise, as this restaurant was a favorite among Suhyaejong professors.</span></p><p data-uid="ca94817d-e852-470a-8e8d-55c883e89d60"><span>Startled, Sung Yeo-Jin tried to wipe the sauce off Ahn Gil-Tae's suit with a napkin.</span></p><p data-uid="760d1c3b-1942-4025-8a52-ded1a97e1ab8"><span>Just then, Ahn Gil-Tae snapped and raised his hand as if to slap Sung Yeo-Jin. "You filthy thing, don't you dare touch me!"</span></p><p data-uid="58e0fa56-5009-4fbc-9287-fd8c61571651"><span>In that instant, I rushed over and grabbed Ahn Gil-Tae's wrist. "You're really going to hit someone because of a little sauce on your suit? Isn't that too much? Just wipe it off and take it to a luxury dry cleaner. Problem solved, isn't it?"</span></p><p data-uid="39921d8a-3a6d-4590-87cd-55cbef24f3d1"><span>Ahn Gil-Tae, who looked to be in his mid-40s, turned around and shouted. "What the fuck? Who the hell are you?"&nbsp; He...</span></p>