---
title: "Chapter 895: Omen (2)"
weight: 895
---
<p data-uid="2e640a98-0b2a-49b3-a20a-cefa95346dd0"><span><span>"I'll give you ten percent of Jinseong Hotel &amp; Resort," said Chairman Jin Dae-Woon.</span></span></p><p data-uid="a4511933-73d4-4a82-80a4-e4f29c4bfa97"><span><span>I couldn't help but be shocked at Jin Dae-Woon's words. Ten percent of Jinseong Hotel &amp; Resort, with a market capitalization exceeding two trillion won, meant well over two hundred billion won by simple calculation.</span></span></p><p data-uid="e4feed53-ec66-4f8c-99dc-39b72e0af041"><span><span>However, what startled me even more was how much of Jinseong Hotel &amp; Resort the royal family already held. President Jin Myung-Hee, currently suspended from duty, owned roughly twenty percent. And Acting President Jin Ah-Ram held about ten percent. Which meant that if Jin Dae-Woon gave me ten percent, it would be the same stake as Jin Ah-Ram.</span></span></p><p data-uid="c2639b65-b0d2-4455-9405-b4aa11bfddd5"><span><span>The amount was so far beyond anything I had anticipated that I immediately turned to look at Jin Ah-Ram beside me. Her eyes were wide. She, too, seemed to have heard this for the first time. President Jin Sung-Joon wore the same expression.</span></span></p><p data-uid="3173490d-b588-45a5-badc-910891b17e12"><span><span>In other words, Jin Dae-Woon had made this decision on his own without even informing his children. The chairman of Daechon Inc. had been the same, and now the chairman of Jinseong Inc. as well.</span></span></p><p data-uid="77b50d17-f26c-4eb9-95e5-891080bd3bed"><span><span>I had no idea why they were trying to force shares on me like this. However, there was one thing I knew for certain.</span></span></p><p data-uid="ac597c4c-b545-4e39-a942-8bbab98fff4e"><span><span>'</span><em><span>Nothing in this world was free</span></em><span>.'</span></span></p><p data-uid="ab5a02f6-2b3e-4f01-a517-7ea997fdbb99"><span><span>And the world always expected more in return than what it gave. So I declined immediately.</span></span></p><p data-uid="4a822773-3fd3-492c-aa6e-0fe1314a6260"><span><span>"I'm sorry, but that's excessive."</span></span></p><p data-uid="0dd07911-ddc0-4b7d-8504-17a20fe06133"><span><span>"Excessive? For the first time in the history of the Yeongjongdo Jinseong Hotel &amp; Resort, we hit full booking, didn't we? That alone makes it worth it."</span></span></p><p data-uid="8ffded02-501a-497e-8391-0fb050e2cca5"><span><span>"That happened once because of a broadcast."</span></span></p><p data-uid="844b22fe-db23-4a81-b3fc-4dedfbb4ac58"><span><span>"I know. But that one time is what matters. Someone who's done it once can do it again. Besides, didn't you promise to turn Yeongjongdo Jinseong Resort into a K-POP pilgrimage site? Consider this an advance payment for that value as well."</span></span></p><p data-uid="a4390529-d650-4da2-a07a-75d2f643a502"><span><span>Jin Dae-Woon spoke as casually as if he were adding a plate of sweet and sour pork to a simple order of...</span></span></p>