---
title: "Chapter 166: Hitting Two Birds With One Stone"
weight: 166
---
<p data-uid="6920c9a8-6d06-4c87-acfe-c39fab4010d4">When asked what are the essential qualities for becoming a celebrity, most people answered like this:</p><p data-uid="26941ecd-5b42-48c7-81fb-ad8748f92028">-It's definitely looks. The world revolves around beautiful and handsome faces. Just look at the results.</p><p data-uid="0d531e1f-7f60-4c29-9230-7e7583c7feb6">-Singers really need to focus on singing over dancing. In the end, it’s the talented vocalists who survive. Yup.</p><p data-uid="14de04cd-00ce-43f1-9e90-dbe7c9510473">-Acting skills! In this age where CG ironically does everything, it's still a shining talent!</p><p data-uid="5df63f4b-a124-40bf-852f-00f7257dcbcf">-What are you talking about!? For celebrities, it's all about charisma.</p><p data-uid="bf3622b5-d707-4e8e-80d7-2ac685becd07">However, this was only the external perspective. Lacking looks could be fixed with surgical procedures and poor singing could somewhat be covered with Auto-Tune.</p><p data-uid="a83dc7bc-d602-4a89-a0ab-faf51251941d">There were also plenty of strategies to avoid acting controversies, such as only choosing roles that were easy to act out.</p><p data-uid="5c5dab3f-95b5-40af-8322-20e76b9caecd">Historical dramas typically allowed actors to be easily pitted against acting masters and as such were absolutely forbidden. On the other hand, sitcoms allowed actors to compete against rookie actors and were highly welcomed.</p><p data-uid="39d50400-ad4f-4964-a5f0-a6e56ccf9430">Beyond all else, the initial challenge confronting the actors was mustering the courage to face the public. Though it may appear trivial, this seemingly simple task proved profoundly daunting and required significant adjustment.</p><p data-uid="6eb6df1c-ba2b-4b42-bf9c-97e28b1728af">Expressing emotions and acting in a scene where dozens were bustling and hundreds of onlookers were watching was no easy task.</p><p data-uid="27d4ff85-e73b-40da-b619-a56fd0c4f20a">For that reason, established entertainment companies ran adaptation programs to help their hard-found rookie actors get comfortable and be confident.</p><p data-uid="575af5ed-483a-42c7-9758-ddc4183004d7">Some companies called it a Confidence Enhancement Program, where they sent rookie actors to subways...</p>