---
title: "Chapter 63: Cherry Blossom’S New Song (1)"
weight: 63
---
<p data-uid="d7de7254-d294-4531-8c28-5c4944c80c9e"><em>Ding!</em></p><p data-uid="a16d2071-43ca-48cb-a96c-155a0d6ef47c">The elevator door on the basement’s second floor, where Lee Dong-Min was, opened. Recording studios 1 to 6 were positioned along the fairly wide corridor, and at the end of the hallway was a door leading to a small theater that could accommodate about 150 people watching a performance.</p><p data-uid="598f8d90-553c-479a-b8f8-fb39ef2f281d"><em>‘The land value of this place alone must be in the hundreds of billions, especially considering it's in Apgujeong.’</em></p><p data-uid="30dab53e-07bf-4807-a666-a974e2e63912">Seeing this reminded me that our company was quite wealthy, a fact which I often forgot about.</p><p data-uid="56236929-a700-4d1e-97e9-3599b8a6fb3b">That was when I heard the sound of two people arguing coming from Recording Studio 2.</p><p data-uid="4d9e7fd0-7c84-4c14-b3e1-17ba50b81263">"Mr. Lee! Why don't we just leave it to Jee-Tae? You know he's been on a roll lately!"</p><p data-uid="a36f6419-298d-4b0d-838d-c709e34bfe59">"No, we're going for an S-class songwriter this time. How many times do I have to tell you?"</p><p data-uid="36e79958-dff8-47e7-a8b3-e80e5d9a9bdf">"Ah, do you think S-class songwriters are crazy enough to give a song to Cherry Blossom? Jee-Tae is more than enough for them, don't you get the situation? Everyone's refusing to give them songs!"</p><p data-uid="85af98dd-05d0-49ea-91ef-696b387ab8dd">The people fighting in Recording Studio 2 were Lee Dong-Min and Kang Shi-On, the idol group producer. The latter was from the Seoul National University of the Arts and was the main contributor to the creation of Golden Road. However, he was also the one who messed up Cherry Blossom's first and second albums.</p><p data-uid="4b820202-967f-442d-815d-ecf05bfdbddb">The man who was mentioned in their quarrel was Choi Jee-Tae, the composer of ‘Ba-Bam-Ba!’—a somewhat popular...</p>