---
title: "Chapter 757: Attack (3)"
weight: 757
---
<p data-uid="0fca5723-325d-43eb-88b3-866cb1877137"><span>[Everyday V13]</span></p><p data-uid="8601ea8a-fe48-4df7-9a0c-f63092025b91"><span>[Date: March 17, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="5b7350b4-1ee3-40d2-8e81-8257aeb6e5ff"><span>[Fortune of the Day: News of death from close ones keep arriving. You'll be betrayed by someone you trusted.</span></p><p data-uid="9c5b0550-cd0f-4e5f-ba54-3095db9c96bd"><span>(Deleted Schedule Entry: You will receive news of a close one's death.)]</span></p><p data-uid="3c1db09e-674f-4d3a-b365-d1399fd29c35"><span>I avoided the exit toward Myeongdong Cathedral, only to receive not a notice of death but notices—plural. That meant more than one person was going to die.</span></p><p data-uid="823b9c46-0562-4dd1-9cbe-6041f479facd"><span>'<em>Should I have just gone to Myeongdong like originally planned?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="b870ef76-f6bd-4750-b30f-57b677d4d700"><span>Just then, a phrase warning a betrayal by someone I trust from Everyday jumped out at me. At that moment, I caught sight of Attorney Cheon Jin-Sang running ahead through the narrow passage. And instantly, all the suspicious things connected to Cheon Jin-Sang began surfacing in my mind.</span></p><p data-uid="858431f5-1a18-47a0-8822-accc27bf0d4a"><span>'<em>You were the insider?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="998cf75e-1379-4693-9f9f-e0a37fe0c3f2"><span>Come to think of it, everyone inside the house had been arrested by prosecutors. Yet the one person who should have stayed to defend them, the attorney, didn't go with them.</span></p><p data-uid="5e09a048-a1d6-446e-a173-4f0dc86e8d85"><span>And when I went outside to make phone calls, Cheon Jin-Sang cut the call short and returned to Choi Eun-Tae despite having many people to alert. Not long after that, the masked men stormed in.</span></p><p data-uid="d05607f6-182a-44a0-877b-f42cd3744f93"><span>That wasn't the only thing. When we got to the basement, Choi Eun-Tae told him to lock it down so no one else could come in. Cheon Jin-Sang said he did, but the attackers came down the exact same way we had.</span></p><p data-uid="7adc0f51-d992-4d4a-81a1-eb9f7657cca2"><span>Then while we were fleeing, he tried to steer Choi Eun-Tae toward Myeongdong Cathedral. When I checked Everyday and changed course to Cheonggyecheon, he didn't look worried at all. If anything, he looked annoyed like someone upset that a plan had failed.</span></p><p data-uid="d2df870e-90dd-4f98-a1da-a5953e75a5ca"><span>All of...</span></p>