---
title: "Chapter 148: Secretstargem (3)"
weight: 148
---
<p data-uid="d47ae67a-9cce-413b-8538-5b0bb5685fcb">Gu Min-Ji bit her lip tightly at Sae-Ri's lecture. But soon, she trembled and nodded her head.</p><p data-uid="a0ce916a-0513-4196-9b47-d213f4851ca0">"O-o-okay, I got it. I'll be more careful next time."</p><p data-uid="54f0c6a4-4813-442c-b031-c5e1a6a1c81e">Such a reaction would have been unimaginable in the past, but this was the power of being number one.</p><p data-uid="1ae7d9bd-0111-48f6-80fe-c888143f19fa">In this industry, such cute revenge and speaking up for oneself was sometimes necessary because the weak were always preyed upon.</p><p data-uid="07881412-49cb-4ccc-a611-9e9e9e768605">Gu Min-Ji bowed to Woo Yeon-Hee. "I'm sorry, Yeon-Hee sunbae."</p><p data-uid="513d02d9-4eb0-4e64-b3f5-ab5e3313f491">Although the tender-hearted Woo Yeon-Hee tried to stop her, I stepped in first.</p><p data-uid="092ad828-906a-4617-9dc1-fbbf1a4a9cbe">"Alright, Sae-Ri,. That's enough. Pink Diamond must be busy too, so you should leave now."</p><p data-uid="1ee8e142-920c-475d-b140-72ed42db1cac">Unlike Cherry Blossom who had some free time since they were candidates for first place, Pink Diamond who had just made their comeback had their rehearsal coming up.</p><p data-uid="1cd74908-675b-4045-b7c8-fc84d4e689d8">With her face flushed, Gu Min-Ji swiftly turned around and left the waiting room. The other members of Pink Diamond also followed her out and slammed the door behind them.</p><p data-uid="00c05dbe-2d41-4074-abcc-d12fa8915423">Simultaneously, Sae-Ri who had been standing confidently until now slumped into a chair.</p><p data-uid="d30b4bc6-c2e3-4403-8479-2eb7993817ff">"<em>Phew.</em> I-I thought I was going to die," Sae-Ri stuttered.</p><p data-uid="e69ff9fe-b908-4010-9814-ca3b46554228">Seeing Sae-Ri stutter with a flushed face, Yang Eun-Bi lifted the corners of her lips.</p><p data-uid="1dd6a429-fc03-47b8-826e-ade251964fce">"<em>Pfft.</em> You tried to give a lecture when you were that nervous?"</p><p data-uid="cdef1969-2912-407c-be02-3cf969ed69c8">"Well, it was obvious Yeon-Hee unnie couldn't speak up for herself. I had to do something."</p><p data-uid="21ec1b09-3cb9-4a79-8130-130defe3c2d7">But despite her brave actions, her arms and legs...</p>