---
title: "Chapter 646: Comeback (1)"
weight: 646
---
<p data-uid="82ee90ad-234a-4369-bc61-ff18f52391fe"><span>Do Ran-Hee, who was at the KBC's <em>Music Stage</em> site, was urgently looking for me.</span></p><p data-uid="909d691d-bcca-470e-a514-1a6e6e7870de"><span>"What's going on that you're making such a fuss?"</span></p><p data-uid="8f773f51-729b-47f0-9d3c-df2c7e165771"><span>-Park Eun-Bin is making her comeback today! Park Eun-Bin, the leader of Petite More!</span></p><p data-uid="2b09a279-e690-49ef-b08c-ab16220696a9"><span>"Huh? Why is she making a comeback? She wasn't even on today's lineup list."</span></p><p data-uid="ef2e10ab-01d2-4f4a-b5fe-3f473e8a8e51"><span>-Pink Diamond's comeback got canceled and she's taking their spot. I just found out too.</span></p><p data-uid="1e9bf041-c09f-4bb5-8132-11edda3f1026"><span>Petite More, the group Park Eun-Bin belonged to, had halted activities after being involved in a music chart rigging scandal. The public had assumed that meant Petite More had basically disbanded, but now they were making a comeback by pushing Park Eun-Bin, the group's most popular member, as a solo artist.</span></p><p data-uid="82223ab1-019a-40cc-8ffd-acc77a62f8cb"><span>'<em>Well, that's how entertainment companies are.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="53ab2f6b-9051-4521-a989-5e7ba85e805b"><span>As long as there was time left on a contract, they squeezed every last drop out of an artist, even scheduling events right up to noon on the final day. And Park Eun-Bin wasn't the type to quit over a rigging scandal either.</span></p><p data-uid="06c15b00-93b7-44c2-bad6-f0465d8101d1"><span>"A surprise comeback, huh? But by now, you should be able to handle something like this on your own."</span></p><p data-uid="d6fbb4c9-ca3a-4f0b-8b73-6c714ff94c7c"><span>I was trying to guide Do Ran-Hee toward handling things solo, but her voice remained agitated.</span></p><p data-uid="0506fced-a1bf-4368-93ca-9096a5f2da0e"><span>-If it were just that, I would've managed! But the Petite More fans are going wild. Ms. Baek Hee-Yung and I can't handle it alone!</span></p><p data-uid="ac7fe547-50ec-4e9c-96bd-0d70cffeae16"><span>"What are the Petite Angels doing now?"</span></p><p data-uid="8b8cadf0-e488-4984-a3d4-f0cc142f1d2c"><span>-They're handing out gifts like crazy and spending money like there's no tomorrow. It feels like Park Eun-Bin is the real number one today, not Sae-Ri. If this keeps up, even if Sae-Ri wins, it'll get overshadowed. The on-site staff's vibe is off too!</span></p><p data-uid="c53a05b3-781f-43f3-8e54-633887968f65"><span>If Do Ran-Hee was this frantic, the situation was clearly more serious than I thought.</span></p><p data-uid="f28e9798-5106-4fca-a926-0fa93d6b673d"><span>"Okay, calm down. If the talent...</span></p>