---
title: "Chapter 210: Set Up"
weight: 210
---
<p data-uid="c1aac687-a1c8-412d-917b-5fdfdebdf065">Actors affiliated with Hoop Entertainment rarely changed their managing division, because if they were to express dissatisfaction with a talent agent, they would be assigned a different one within the same division.</p><p data-uid="43195730-a698-498f-8835-3917eb0d9b08">However, this didn't mean they couldn't switch divisions altogether.</p><p data-uid="f60fcaf9-5a07-4658-8607-13220aefc82f">For actors who were profitable merely by their association, the company usually made concessions.</p><p data-uid="2fd97fbf-e1b6-406d-a5b0-3acec900f8ac">In the case of top-tier actors like Sung Ho-Jun, he could easily request to change his managing division as he wished.</p><p data-uid="efe04d46-4454-4d4d-9ded-85a4efa33bce">'<em>Of course, I need to become indispensable to Sung Ho-Jun for that to happen,</em>' I thought.</p><p data-uid="850a568b-6e70-472c-a200-bffbb2febc55">But that was something I was confident in. After all, I knew everything about Sung Ho-Jun's future through my planner.</p><p data-uid="d7f5a730-4ab1-4c9d-a0a8-dd8da2f9707f">Lee Gi-Cheol burst into a hearty laugh as he began to support Kim Dong-Soo.</p><p data-uid="c2320347-a491-4d3b-b2c6-a8d64b7f915f">"<em>Ha ha ha!</em> It's been a while since Chief Kim hit a home run. If a big fish like Sung Ho-Jun joins our company, we'd welcome him with both arms. Maybe we should even throw a welcome party!"</p><p data-uid="1dad3b33-ea6c-416b-8668-900babac6fef">Kang Ji-Yung nodded in agreement. "We should. Let's have Actor Division 3 plan it."</p><p data-uid="e09f226b-896b-47de-837d-50aa1f09b967">Lee Gi-Cheol smirked. "<em>Ha ha ha</em>. It's been a while since the Director Kang and I thought alike. This is excellent. Ah, yes. if only every day could be like today."</p><p data-uid="41fdbe7c-023a-4f5a-b056-5b86bdbdb59d">Kim Dong-Soo gladly accepted the suggestion. "Then we in Actor Division 3 will modestly prepare a party to welcome the actor. I'll report back as soon as the other two actors are also...</p>