---
title: "Chapter 135: Recruiting Kang Ha-Na (5)"
weight: 135
---
<p data-uid="af41c9f6-33e3-4027-ac7f-55d206a0fab1"><span>The day after signing with Kang Ha-Na, I went to see Ahn Jun-Hee at KNET to get her out of </span><em><span>Global Produce 47</span></em><span>.</span></p><p data-uid="6e8e97fb-33bc-4df8-9759-5aed2e340872"><span>Ahn Jun-Hee frowned as soon as he saw us.</span></p><p data-uid="aca75b1a-2a29-4d0b-9efb-0fb911ba706b"><span>"I heard from President Na that you're taking her out of the show?"</span></p><p data-uid="ce3cd1b9-bbad-4332-b281-b12d5ce653ef"><span>Sensing Ahn Jun-Hee's tense mood, Lee Dong-Min immediately took a humble approach.</span></p><p data-uid="ed6a4f6b-f15d-422c-993f-6ba98e3e3a27"><span>"We're sorry about this. We should have discussed it with you first, but things just moved so quickly. Besides, Ha-Na is too old to be an idol and her dance skills are F-grade. If you could just treat her as having forfeited the show, we'll handle the rest..."</span></p><p data-uid="c1183204-afbc-4e6a-abc7-14b1ea26227e"><span>Ahn Jun-Hee raised his hand to cut off Lee Dong-Min. "Hold on. Let me take a closer look at her first."</span></p><p data-uid="7aca3e10-2f34-4311-bd78-5693dca1dafa"><span>Then he looked Kang Ha-Na up and down. As his snake-like sly gaze slithered over her, Kang Ha-Na bowed her head deeply.</span></p><p data-uid="7a1fb849-e270-4c8e-b127-c43a4be4a53d"><span>"Hmm. She's not that impressive even on a second look. What do you plan to use her for?"</span></p><p data-uid="3854ca41-74e6-4de1-b42d-d26294275284"><span>When Ahn Jun-Hee made a rude remark right in front of Kang Ha-Na, Lee Dong-Min's face was slightly flushed with anger. However, he restrained his anger and continued. After all, it was easier to get her out of the show if Ahn Jun-Hee perceived Kang Ha-Na as worthless.</span></p><p data-uid="7d0a2c2d-5b9f-43e6-802a-772fb3ad608f"><span>"We're not planning for her to be an idol, but to develop her as a singer. We thought adding another female solo artist to the Cherry Blossom lineup would be a good idea."</span></p><p data-uid="c19f5fdc-676a-4ea5-8dc4-f4d04ca33af2"><span>"Is that so? Female solos don't do well these days. But you always seem to...</span></p>