---
title: "Chapter 314: Kang Ha-Na Vs Eve One (1)"
weight: 314
---
<p data-uid="bd608490-9cbd-4c5c-a5a1-bb9e84a741ab"><span>As soon as Cha Tae-Hee sat down, she immediately started making excuses. "Honestly, I really wanted to do right by you because of my promise, Team Lead Jung."</span></p><p data-uid="8a813391-127a-4740-996b-4eaa24156eac"><span>Since I remained silent, Cha Tae-Hee's speech grew even more frantic. "But you know CK Inc.—KNET's parent company, right? They pressured us and threatened to pull their ads if we didn't meet their demands. Hey, what's with the looks? You don't believe me? I swear it's true!"</span></p><p data-uid="3200109f-0d3a-41ab-bb0e-fc62fb901f99"><span>Despite Cha Tae-Hee's endless excuses, I still hadn't agreed to let Kang Ha-Na perform. After all, there were still more conditions I wanted to secure.</span></p><p data-uid="b0b0e2fb-9673-4f80-a826-460c0fb74d00"><span>As I kept silent, Kim Yung-Gook couldn't hold back any longer and exclaimed. "I'm sorry! Team Lead Jung, I was a scoundrel! What do you want me to do? Should I kneel? Look, I'm kneeling! Seriously!"</span></p><p data-uid="c451efda-3858-4e87-801d-4e02d1be9a53"><span>Kim Yung-Gook made a move to kneel, causing a bit of a commotion as people tried to stop him. Seeing this got rid of my previous hard feelings slightly.</span></p><p data-uid="f1706fcf-cae5-4b17-849b-6891cfed371d"><span>I spoke. "To be honest, I'm willing to accommodate you since you both came all the way here and for your reputations. But…"</span></p><p data-uid="679d62d3-7f02-4651-b4af-462d57ccf292"><span>Immediately sensing what I wanted, Cha Tae-Hee quickly cut in."How about double the original stage budget!? We'll set it up like a real concert, so just please agree to let her perform!"</span></p><p data-uid="26071335-6d40-432e-b0e6-b472e22e0bfa"><span>Kim Yung-Gook eagerly chimed in as well. "That's right, Team Lead Jung! You know our art director studied abroad, right? We'll make a stage that's unrivaled by other stations, so let's just seal the deal."</span></p><p data-uid="9ba87006-c1a3-43f6-978b-8f916bee2b17"><span>...</span></p>