---
title: "Chapter 682: Plotting (2)"
weight: 682
---
<p data-uid="c99e3e2c-d24c-4c3a-8af4-e5ac2b0c429b"><span>In front of a guard post on a side street in Cheonho-dong, Park Sang-Gon's daughter, Park Sang-Ah, who was sitting in the back seat of a Rose-Rise made a sudden offer to join hands with me. I couldn't believe that she came to me, the one who tied her future husband down in Japan, and made such a proposal.</span></p><p data-uid="3590896f-2d92-4776-9da2-7bf21bf85bc0"><span>At that moment, memories of her from before the regression came rushing back. Before the regression, Park Sang-Ah would often drop by Top Entertainment and privately meet with actors and entertainers from the company after becoming Choi Man-Sik's wife.</span></p><p data-uid="6a2e0fee-571c-4597-b218-9cea10a0bb0b"><span>With her husband's money and her father Park Sang-Gon's political power backing her, the models and actors under the company couldn't refuse her advances. Though I caught on late and tried to stop it, she would laugh at me and call the models out of the company anyway.</span></p><p data-uid="4631b8b6-4c19-43e4-81dd-37fefdeddeb3"><span>Then, after I became a director at Top Entertainment, she made a subtle offer to me as well—she said she would make me the president of Top Entertainment if I dated her. Of course, I rejected her outright. But right now, I was being offered the same thing again. And this time, it was while her soon-to-be husband was stuck in Japan.</span></p><p data-uid="9fde6854-2a7a-4da1-9f6a-4b2163f31e15"><span>'<em>I knew she was crazy, but not this insane</em>.'</span></p><p data-uid="80533180-e0d7-4809-bb7a-70a9be9752a7"><span>I was dumbfounded and asked her again. "Are you... serious?"</span></p><p data-uid="eed6a95b-3392-4e21-805d-e193ce19ebb4"><span>Park Sang-Ah smiled with her eyes. "Of course I'm serious. And if you join hands with me, it won't hurt you either, you know? I can stop President Choi from attacking you."</span></p><p data-uid="cc5bc74e-d99a-4393-baf0-3f4cbb723b53"><span>I wanted to jump out of the car immediately. Then a thought crossed my mind—if I used this right, I could drive a wedge between Park Sang-Gon and Choi Man-Sik. After all, this conversation...</span></p>