---
title: "Chapter 103: Changing Future (3)"
weight: 103
---
<p data-uid="ec5293b2-d671-4056-9bba-5eccc106a88e">"Wow, this is amazing."</p><p data-uid="e3b86a0a-bba0-4691-b7e2-5885a537c70a">[Cherry Blossom ‘Hurry Up!’ Views 5,320 Likes 521]</p><p data-uid="9c149803-f481-433e-8e9d-79f10df9b011">The music video exceeded 5,000 views in less than three minutes. In an era where personal broadcasting streamers with millions of viewers abound, 5,000 might seem trivial. But for Cherry Blossom who had just set up their fan club website, these numbers were extraordinary.</p><p data-uid="a17bf3d3-f887-4ac3-90ec-7046fd4084b2">"Yay!"</p><p data-uid="7f8d24a7-fed4-412e-9208-67cd481b2556">While the comments section was peppered with some negative remarks as expected by Lee Dong-Min, it was still overwhelmingly positive. I hesitated to show the comments to the girls before the music video was released, but it was a different story now given the circumstances.</p><p data-uid="948bf882-0d05-4a41-b615-59e39e8c0f40">I selected a few nice comments to share with the girls.</p><p data-uid="ee74a610-1c04-41f9-a936-b01c7786f7a2">(Comments)</p><p data-uid="631778d4-a5ee-483f-a00a-21a586fd2cf9">-Wow, ‘Hurry Up!’ I like this</p><p data-uid="b5f3cae8-04b8-4af3-b037-c601a3c36678">-This song is perfect for an alarm in the morning!</p><p data-uid="7d1c8128-1bb3-4053-b66c-cc89e606d8aa">-They are bursting with fresh charms!</p><p data-uid="3e7d5ace-dd98-40a9-a791-db6e21911c1a">-Who's the one standing in the center? She’s kinda my type.</p><p data-uid="da3c3778-3197-4cd7-ad24-5084134e179d">-Her name is Sae-Ri. She’s still in middle school, so let's keep the comments clean.</p><p data-uid="9e6318d8-8de8-4a97-8225-6b176ff84ace">-This song is going to be a hit LOL. The melody is catchy and the lyrics really stick with you. Hurry~ Up!</p><p data-uid="b0c4e8b8-93e3-462a-8645-ea7afc8c9c0d">-Awww, my Sae-Ri. Her dance is too cute.</p><p data-uid="e26e83c9-7df0-4b7f-b108-e6fbb4cda581">As the views and likes on the MeTube channel rapidly increased, all of the girls were blinking in disbelief, wondering if this was a dream or reality.</p><p data-uid="eee3e23f-f25a-48be-8252-0938d2cbae35">Yang Eun-Bi incredulously recalled the statistics from their second album. "The views for our second album last time didn't even...</p>