---
title: "Chapter 611: Termination Of Exclusive Contract (2)"
weight: 611
---
<p data-uid="85682021-2814-4525-9580-219611faf273"><span>Inside TNT Entertainment's meeting room, Yoo Kang-Seok furiously accused me of instructing Sung Gyu-Hwan to sabotage his work so I could steal him away. He even claimed he would demand damages of up to 5 billion won.</span></p><p data-uid="1f058e4d-cc43-4ba5-a67f-a45dc50d9d8b"><span>Nevertheless, I didn't bat an eye. That was because, in addition to ordering his talent agent to dig through Sung Gyu-Hwan's black box, Yoo Kang-Seok had committed a major crime that was recorded in my planner.</span></p><p data-uid="26bbf4b7-00ae-41ca-b73d-005bfcead850"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="c388b2e7-e07c-4628-9eb0-02874f7830aa"><span>[Date: May 3, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="97eee2f4-143d-48f0-bf53-f0d12a41a71d"><span>-10:00 p.m. &lt;Entertainment Everyday&gt; T Company case. Texts, Kk Talk messages, and calls were monitored using a cloned phone of celebrity P.</span></p><p data-uid="098b0487-b17a-4c7b-b76d-a8830cdc3441"><span>Before the regression, TNT Entertainment's actress Park In-Jung had landed the female lead in the romantic comedy drama <em>Island Village Fisherman</em>. This drama had achieved a 19% viewership rating, propelling her into stardom.</span></p><p data-uid="f86a4cab-0971-4b93-a8bd-1c790ad96fa7"><span>The problem was that her popularity soared when there were only three months left on her contract with TNT. Worried she wouldn't renew, Yoo Kang-Seok secretly cloned her phone. However, Park In-Jung moved to Hana Entertainment the moment her contract ended.</span></p><p data-uid="d665dc5e-1144-4a00-be21-3af1b1cb0bd6"><span>Then strange things began happening to Park In-Jung. Every project and ad she tried to take was snatched up by TNT actors.</span></p><p data-uid="a5d47b6d-349e-41e4-be66-4b73bd72ea55"><span>Suspicious, the president of Hana Entertainment had Park In-Jung's phone examined by a professional service. That was when they discovered her phone had been cloned. Soon after, TNT Entertainment was sued.</span></p><p data-uid="08fdc997-65e1-4510-8d22-7811452a2cf6"><span>At the time, Yoo Kang-Seok deflected blame onto subordinates and got away. Yet, the incident marked the beginning of TNT's downfall. Once the phone-cloning scandal hit the news, the remaining celebrities had hesitated to renew their contracts.</span></p><p data-uid="398924f7-c79f-4695-9f2f-7443b2dd0cc2"><span>Desperate, Yoo Kang-Seok had begun offering...</span></p>