---
title: "Chapter 362: Ten-Million-Viewership Actor (2)"
weight: 362
---
<p data-uid="0a88e2a2-33e4-4c61-95a7-d32e52f9ad18"><span>Gong Hak-Beom was regarded as the most respected senior by his hoobaes from Suhyaejong, ranking first as the mentor they looked up to.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="c8be3f32-afe5-4e74-a7eb-8e53c1257c01"><span>As such, it wouldn't be beneficial to reveal Gong Hak-Beom's corruption now in Hoop Entertainment where more than half of the members were alumni of Suhyaejong. Someone in this very meeting room would surely rush off to inform Gong Hak-Beom.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="7fcec0c1-9cf3-47f6-be3a-92cf3a5cf6d3"><span>Therefore, I had no choice but to keep my mouth shut for now.</span></p><p data-uid="b09b0870-05cd-4524-b67d-6c8a2806dcae"><span>Instead, I proposed that I would take all responsibility if I were given full authority over this matter and failed.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="1490b8ee-6fe0-4584-b1d3-a74112f0d1a5"><span>Bang Sang-Yung asked again, "Let me ask you one thing. Do you understand what will happen if things go wrong?"</span></p><p data-uid="1e38f54e-46b2-403d-948f-30674929a33b"><span>"Yes, I do. That's why I said I'd accept any punishment."</span></p><p data-uid="e5feefe3-3a99-409c-bdae-d8ce8f6c7b62"><span>If I failed, it wasn't just me at risk: Hoop Entertainment as a whole could face backlash from the film industry. People would say that Lee Tae-Poong had become arrogant now that he had become a ten-million-viewership actor.</span></p><p data-uid="846edc09-7c69-48c0-b3f8-eaa5b03af8cd"><span>That was how powerful Gong Hak-Beom was at the moment.</span></p><p data-uid="9ca1aeaf-0c2c-49c4-8ed7-40c7b2799b4a"><span>Bang Sang-Yung turned to the team leads and chiefs gathered in the meeting room, most of whom were Suhyaejong alumni. "What do the team leads and chiefs think?"</span></p><p data-uid="87fd9165-1e3f-46f7-b9da-1de8340b8b34"><span>Everyone glanced at each other and hesitated before speaking up one by one.</span></p><p data-uid="8dd11274-db47-42c0-a676-d2347cb2cb1f"><span>"If we fail, it's going to be a disaster. Why take such a big risk?"</span></p><p data-uid="63abf0b7-b705-4e0e-9869-7c36b6b1af7a"><span>"But considering Team Lead Jung's track record this year, maybe we should trust...</span></p>