---
title: "Chapter 559: Doppelganger Audition (2)"
weight: 559
---
<p data-uid="1a8667b6-a150-44ca-9274-4423907ee8fa"><span>Park Sang-Gyu, who had just begun acting, instantly transformed into Kang Soo-Ho from <em>Doppelgänger</em> and started to tear up. This was because the scene Park Sang-Gyu was performing, Scene 42 of <em>Doppelgänger</em>, depicted Kang Soo-Ho discovering his girlfriend stabbed and unconscious in front of his house.</span></p><p data-uid="267efdd2-5ec1-4734-8fab-fcf8dc6250aa"><span>As Park Sang-Gyu immersed himself in the role in the blink of an eye, the judges began to stare at him in disbelief.</span></p><p data-uid="e14b98ec-5707-45b4-98b1-56cc9eb1e26c"><span>Raising his right arm as if holding an umbrella, Park Sang-Gyu trudged forward. Then he looked down and stopped walking.</span></p><p data-uid="d4fcc8e1-0b3b-467e-a672-d8d2dd0a2469"><span>『Huh…? What…This is…』</span></p><p data-uid="e7aaa6f0-b2f6-46f2-9bcb-9f078c89f118"><span>Park Sang-Gyu's right hand dropped weakly. His face showed a mix of confusion, shock, and denial. Then he reached forward his trembling hand and slowly walked step by step.</span></p><p data-uid="9d8ee568-68db-46d3-8ccd-72a98890109b"><span>『T-Tae…Tae-Yung…』</span></p><p data-uid="1e221d8f-05f5-4696-aa83-a73b1524c6fb"><span>Staring at one spot on the floor, Park Sang-Gyu called out his girlfriend's name as Kang Soo-Ho. Speaking in a trembling voice, Park Sang-Gyu finally came to a halt.</span></p><p data-uid="0bd59397-b0b2-4130-b3e2-677cb5fbc376"><span><em>Thud.</em></span></p><p data-uid="cd05e857-be1b-4191-8004-2de226b48dca"><span>At that moment, Park Sang-Gyu dropped to the ground without hesitation before he began crawling across the dusty floor.</span></p><p data-uid="562585df-b7a8-4341-a8a1-81d2c0f4b220"><span>『No... no... no...』</span></p><p data-uid="e90e2cf7-ead7-4b7c-9dd3-06ddcfbb0159"><span>Tears streamed down Park Sang-Gyu's cheeks. A thin line of moisture was left behind him on the floor. After crawling about two meters, Park Sang-Gyu reached out to the spot he had fixated on earlier and wrapped his arms around it. It was a cautious motion, as if cradling his fallen girlfriend.</span></p><p data-uid="e257a401-3ac7-4eb6-9206-c7baf9690708"><span>The moment he finished the gesture, Park Sang-Gyu trembled and wailed.</span></p><p data-uid="24903100-3640-4e55-8dab-816b547d4f13"><span>『Ahhhhhh!』</span></p><p data-uid="12305ccb-c4e6-49a3-87f3-1d1d87d7adbd"><span>A piercing scream echoed through the audition room as Park Sang-Gyu's tear-streaked face conveyed immense agony.</span></p><p data-uid="83abffcf-36c5-49b6-a52d-69768905882a"><span>Goosebumps rose instantly on my arms. It felt as if his wife, Lee Sa-Yeon, was actually...</span></p>