---
title: "Chapter 289: Changing Fate (2)"
weight: 289
---
<p data-uid="0fb9bfe1-cb86-4dd6-b2a0-0d155fa052be"><span>Originally, only Wang Long's fiancée, Lily, was supposed to die in the Sichuan earthquake.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="f4e96cd0-551b-47fd-b5fe-0176968cfeae"><span>Nonetheless, when the event venue collapsed, Wang Min feared that his son, Wang Long, and daughter-in-law, Lily, could have died together.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="413c4a06-1e59-4dc4-94c1-6fe3de4bacaf"><span>Wang Min expressed his gratitude repeatedly in an emotional tone.</span></p><p data-uid="7fd17fe7-c05c-4aae-a5e2-f0d2b2273f55"><span>-I don't know how to repay this kindness. Thanks to you, my son and daughter-in-law are alive…</span></p><p data-uid="f5323e17-e334-4ee2-bef8-ffc47bf24e16"><span>"Not at all, sir. I just had a bad dream and acted on a whim as a friend. This happened to work out by chance," I replied using the most respectful language.</span></p><p data-uid="a3603f75-6ce2-4c73-a9a7-e703f271fb05"><span>-Please, don't be so formal. If you're my son's friend, you're like a son to me too. Speak comfortably with me.</span></p><p data-uid="fa904987-410b-4798-93c7-47124fe4752f"><span>A man who would later become the top official of the Chinese Communist Party had asked me to treat him like a father. I had no idea how to respond, but eventually agreed as he continued to press me further.</span></p><p data-uid="02bb2966-23ec-4c7e-851e-216a0b724a4f"><span>Then Wang Min left me with one last request, saying I should call him whenever I needed help. I tried to decline, but Wang Min firmly stated that such offers should not be refused.</span></p><p data-uid="ef14d6e5-3250-4ffe-a727-d1c8baa75300"><span>"Understood, Father."</span></p><p data-uid="7a72376b-5e47-425e-9ead-4c8a80dad762"><span>-It sounds nice to hear you call me that.</span></p><p data-uid="621af691-7e9a-4488-be72-971f824c893d"><span>After finishing his words, Wang Min asked to speak with his son again.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="bcb994bd-12ac-4a91-8360-3baa70c51c1e"><span>When I handed the phone to Wang Long, he continued the conversation with an excited tone. After a long chat, Wang Long ended the call saying he would contact Wang Min again later.</span></p><p data-uid="483a2057-5404-446e-973b-3bad9bb56483"><span>"Yoon-Ho, my father wants me to bring you to China sometime."</span></p><p data-uid="10fa9d22-9294-4eb7-8cb7-55b758545c6d"><span>"Me?"</span></p><p data-uid="71420e68-5aaa-4b32-929d-1ed60ddd7189"><span>"He says he can't just let this go. He wants to repay you somehow."</span></p><p data-uid="1535f619-c74c-4191-a205-c0f7013e171c"><span>Wang Long seemed excited to see his father asking to meet his friend for the first time since...</span></p>