---
title: "Chapter 39: What Are You Doing Here?"
weight: 39
---
<p data-uid="c385b6c5-1573-4b58-b930-b26702c8a4fc">"What are you going to do if Ms. Kim gets upset and decides to scrap this drama and switch over to KBC or MBS? You all never want to see me again, is that it, huh?"</p><p data-uid="9d945301-71b3-405a-8555-7f87de750d69">As Jung Sam-Ryong reprimanded them, beads of cold sweat formed on the heads of the production company executives as they bowed their heads.</p><p data-uid="533322d6-dc31-4f0f-b027-b500e07a268c">The power held by a broadcasting company's CP was indeed absolute—and this was especially true for someone like Jung Sam-Ryong, a candidate for the next station director. Falling out of favor with him could not only jeopardize future dramas but also sour relations with SBC entirely.</p><p data-uid="ab9aafa9-cc27-4d77-b3a1-885dcccf18b4">Jo Eung-Gu bowed his head hastily. "I'm sorry, Mr. Jung. Ms. Kim, we made a mistake."</p><p data-uid="2ca8b70c-6e1c-49ae-941b-2e73de24120d">Cha Soo-Yeon also quickly stood up and bowed. "I'll take responsibility and step down from this drama.”</p><p data-uid="a9378eb2-807d-4741-b495-e6c22ec6f15a">Cha Soo-Yeon tried to cover for everyone at her level. Although the production portion might face some issues, it could still proceed if they replaced Cha Soo-Yeon with someone else. After all, what was more pressing at the moment was to appease the CP, especially since he had the authority over the scheduling of future dramas.</p><p data-uid="2dcfa290-dd0a-48b4-95ed-367087b43744">Just as the atmosphere was becoming more tense, Kim Soll-Ip, who had been silent until then, stepped forward.</p><p data-uid="c71210f1-185a-4b6e-90db-7a916b58d926">"May I say something?"</p><p data-uid="cb504953-ed7c-474d-b2ba-1af735f6ab02">"<em>Sigh</em>. I'm too embarrassed to face Ms. Kim now."</p><p data-uid="bb647895-95c9-47a0-bae6-2ef167d2a9ac">Jung Sam-Ryong had set the stage for Kim Soll-Ip to speak up.</p><p data-uid="51c73b30-d6e8-4f47-9a29-364db4292596">Kim Soll-Ip started...</p>