---
title: "Chapter 762: Younger Siblings (1)"
weight: 762
---
<p data-uid="1e706357-01b3-4bcf-a99c-2fe4899c64f5"><span>"Do you perhaps have something against me?"</span></p><p data-uid="3ca8888b-68bf-4c4d-a1ef-0ddf2919d0a8"><span>At Yoo-Jin's question, Ryan Kim, the executive director and interpreter, looked flustered. "What… What do you mean? Why would I have anything against you, Miss Yoo-Jin?"</span></p><p data-uid="734836bc-4514-4340-a20b-f9585ed50177"><span>"If I walk out there wearing that Butterfly, the whole world is going to point fingers at me. There'll be headlines claiming Jung Yoo-Jin stole her hoobae's spot."</span></p><p data-uid="5912d133-d9e3-4d00-bea6-aabb95fc2efe"><span>Just last week, Jang So-Yeon had already gained attention for wearing the Butterfly.</span></p><p data-uid="76814928-07a3-455a-abd0-1e75f12174c4"><span>If the most famous star in Korea, Yoo-Jin, received it now, she would be taking that image away from Jang So-Yeon. Yoo-Jin drew a clear line and refused even the powerful offer from Louis' Batton's Vice President Lopez, saying she couldn't rob her hoobae of her image.</span></p><p data-uid="4ae1a009-dd4b-440e-a2e3-3fc9d39b6115"><span>For a moment, Ryan Kim, who had tried to sway Yoo-Jin with money, turned red in the face. So did Lopez, who heard the interpretation.</span></p><p data-uid="ce76e20e-e44e-45af-ace3-273d66607e9d"><span>"W-We didn't mean it like that…"</span></p><p data-uid="9d7ae81e-5223-40af-8075-7fe478c34480"><span>Still smiling, Yoo-Jin answered firmly again. "I know. I believe you didn't. But the outcome would be obvious. And in that case, I don't think it would be a good look for Louis' Batton either."</span></p><p data-uid="42a21fb3-34f6-4fc4-8669-4e8d70536487"><span>Lopez swallowed his embarrassment and asked again, "Miss Jung, what do you mean it wouldn't be good for Louis' Batton?"</span></p><p data-uid="9e3fe674-1e81-4976-8a15-9ea2b6f6b46e"><span>"Don't you think it would give the impression that Louis' Batton, the world's top luxury brand, just swaps out its models without hesitation?"</span></p><p data-uid="944e3c0c-5ca9-4c65-ba27-9a6b6ed2592f"><span>"<em>Ah</em>…"</span></p><p data-uid="e3516d80-cfe1-4934-80e7-12b43ce5f083"><span>It was a pointed remark. Despite having discovered and spotlighted the rookie Jang So-Yeon, the brand would now be seen as discarding her after one use.</span></p><p data-uid="33648d3b-0172-4cda-bbaf-fc4615a574d0"><span>Flustered, Lopez started conferring with Ryan Kim. Soon after, they offered a sincere apology. "We've committed a great discourtesy."</span></p><p data-uid="56060c3f-d2f6-4611-8ed0-410493710913"><span>When Lopez gave a respectful bow, Yoo-Jin returned it with...</span></p>