---
title: "Chapter 425: Coffee Truck (2)"
weight: 425
---
<p data-uid="97bdbc88-5f57-44e6-9fb3-9428f629a0a6"><span>"It looks like I'll have to turn that role down," Ju Yung-In replied.</span></p><p data-uid="354f8d24-221f-43f4-af01-ba937005585b"><span>Contrary to my expectations, Ju Yung-In let it go without a second thought.</span></p><p data-uid="4f4a06fa-f5de-4d1b-a4a0-4d84f07741f6"><span>Puzzled, I asked, "I told you it's a good project, didn't I? So why?"</span></p><p data-uid="a51a7173-63c5-4794-8c0f-514cbb71f2c7"><span>Ju Yung-In smirked. "Oppa, I can tell just by looking at your face. '<em>Queen Jeong-Hee</em>? Sure, it's a good project. But it won't stand a chance against us.' That's what you're saying, isn't it?"</span></p><p data-uid="03d73611-8986-40d1-8c41-6bba3cadf075"><span>The fact that she could read that much from my expression was impressive. I always thought I had a decent poker face, but somehow Yoo-Jin and Ju Yung-In were the exceptions.</span></p><p data-uid="93be9028-56ed-4da0-8776-a35568f282ec"><span>With a carefree look, Ju Yung-In added, "I've already had to deal with losing to you and Yoo-Jin up close in the same drama. Now you want me to get crushed as part of the competitor drama too? No thanks. I've got my pride."</span></p><p data-uid="3eeba5ca-420a-4d32-9a22-3ce40b5f0b08"><span>Ju Yung-In backed off so easily that it left me puzzled. I turned to Ahn Yung-Hee. "Mrs. Ahn, is she really not going to take the role?"</span></p><p data-uid="03125cc6-8c42-4b9f-9e66-6810bd9b0ecc"><span>"It's fine. Honestly, I wasn't keen on competing against your team anyway. We're planning to focus entirely on China for now. We'll save the real fight for next time."</span></p><p data-uid="da3da9f5-11be-4917-88cc-ce28cb976a93"><span>Ahn Yung-Hee also seemed unusually quick to retreat. It didn't sit quite right, but pressing them on a decision they had already made didn't feel appropriate either.</span></p><p data-uid="deafdf69-d09f-4aec-97ac-c75ac342a1be"><span>Deciding the conversation had run its course, Ju Yung-In smoothly changed the topic. "Anyway, enough about that. I brought a coffee truck all the way here, so the least you can do is buy me a meal, right?"</span></p><p data-uid="c8f42a70-96b5-4f20-9d8b-30a5c7a6069d"><span>Yoo-Jin answered for me. "Fine. I'll treat you. Let's eat together after the morning shoot."</span></p><p data-uid="6fddd828-32cb-4d13-98cb-9e31ce8c5690"><span>Ju Yung-In...</span></p>