---
title: "Chapter 265: Into The Storm (3)"
weight: 265
---
<p data-uid="55069b68-366c-4d3b-9244-78c65bc9cd96"> <span>Ranked 17th in the business world, Daechon Inc. had numerous subsidiaries.</span></p><p data-uid="ae2146f8-fbee-44fe-ac16-9dab3464df74"><span>One of them, Yuseong Foods, mainly supplied lunch boxes to departmental stores. Director Go Ill-Joon of Yuseong Foods was not just a specialist in handling lunch box deliveries, but also one in handling the "dirty" work assigned by Kim Ae-Ja.</span></p><p data-uid="44f59658-1b42-464c-917d-323eb7e7b478"><span>I pointed to Go Ill-Joon's phone number and asked Lee Dae-Ho again, "Have you spoken to the person who called with this number?"</span></p><p data-uid="ed64dbe5-a657-4513-846a-dc5fe082e34a"><span>"Yes. Even though I politely declined, they kept contacting me. Do you know the caller?"</span></p><p data-uid="57f3b2fd-8d8d-40ca-a689-c2b7cc8fb8dd"><span>After a moment of hesitation, I revealed that the caller was a close associate of Kim Ae-Ja.</span></p><p data-uid="41126cd5-74aa-4870-ae1b-bce6bb19fd50"><span>Lee Dae-Ho raised his brows. "Wait, isn't Vice President Kim Ae-Ja the woman who stormed into our place and caused a scene last time?"</span></p><p data-uid="0c0faa7f-4525-44a9-b623-4d4ecc49bbf4"><span>Just hearing Kim Ae-Ja's name left Lee Dae-Ho shocked.</span></p><p data-uid="822ac0bd-6451-4d3f-82de-6ac4b9c618a3"><span>"Don't worry too much. We're well prepared to ensure it doesn't happen again," I reassured him.</span></p><p data-uid="63b8c34b-5097-4596-84b2-4a13ba0a9593"><span>Although I said that we were taking action against Kim Ae-Ja, Lee Dae-Ho still looked anxious.</span></p><p data-uid="4129f631-cb00-4a32-87e3-0830d0b5ed6d"><span>"Will it be alright? You said that Kim Ae-Ja is a woman capable of controlling major media outlets," Lee Dae-Ho said with worry.</span></p><p data-uid="fef03018-2e37-407f-9ae2-319ebb5a4d6a"><span>"Yes, but this time she won't be able to escape easily. We've found a crucial weakness of hers."</span></p><p data-uid="c92184a3-fa2e-43c1-befc-4b015fd5ecf0"><span>Hope flickered across Lee Dae-Ho's face.</span></p><p data-uid="01e44818-39c0-4516-a554-f35ef2fceef9"><span>At that moment, Lee Tae-Poong's voice...</span></p>