---
title: "Chapter 503: Rumor And Rumor (4)"
weight: 503
---
<p data-uid="1df5713c-4ce2-4f56-9d77-7f0422d18f8a"><span>Behind the set opposite the waiting area used by Eun-Ah and the other actors, there was a small second dressing room less than half the size of the original waiting area, created for makeup when there were too many people.</span></p><p data-uid="529f38e7-77d0-45fd-8845-524ab289ef99"><span>When I rushed over, Baek Hee-Yung was pressing her ear against the door of the second dressing room. She was also holding up her phone under the door.</span></p><p data-uid="cbbaa43e-acbc-4026-b652-e354d77bc1f5"><span>As soon as she saw me, Baek Hee-Yung put a finger to her lips. "<em>Shh!</em>"</span></p><p data-uid="5fde682f-8352-4f4c-bbcc-b221dae086e5"><span>I nodded and moved closer.</span></p><p data-uid="9fa9910f-6eb5-4d2a-be63-2d68713f86ea"><span>In a low voice, Baek Hee-Yung whispered, "Make up Team Lead Oh Yeon-Shin and Hair Designer Park Ui-Seon seem to be planning to spread rumors about our Eun-Ah."</span></p><p data-uid="fac1e0ba-3f92-4ca6-9c18-d8629d82f017"><span>Those two primarily handled hair and makeup for Lee Dong-Ju and Ahn Hee-Soo. In two years, they would open OVO Hair &amp; Makeup together. I recalled that OVO Hair &amp; Makeup was a salon frequently visited by actors from Ace Entertainment. Since entertainment companies and hair salons usually have close ties, it was likely they were already familiar with each other.</span></p><p data-uid="eb809229-5920-489b-a1b1-e49d9cf24d86"><span>'<em>So they're the culprits.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="7b1ee2ea-8c5b-437b-86e4-d920581c24ac"><span>The two had signed on as contract staff for <em>Ballerina of Time. </em>That meant they were only paid daily wages without any additional compensation despite the increased production costs, while other staff members were promised a small bonus if the movie succeeded.</span></p><p data-uid="1fe8cdc7-f058-4650-9080-c7973fd0e08e"><span>I came to the conclusion perhaps that's the reason they gave in to Ace Entertainment's temp...</span></p>