---
title: "Chapter 142: There'S No Such Thing As A Permanent Number One (3)"
weight: 142
---
<p data-uid="d8f9f792-4fc8-46e7-9809-273cb2769f4f">"Yoon-Ho. President Lee is no pushover, so do be careful. That person didn't get to his position by mere chance," Lee Ji-Yeon cautioned.</p><p data-uid="433790e0-be83-4baa-a00e-8ecdcb8663a6">I nodded at Lee Ji-Yeon's words that Lee Sang-Sik had a persistent personality and replied, "Don't worry. Even if it's not Jiang Wei but the President of China himself, I have no intention of letting him meet Yoo-Jin. I'd rather have Yoo-Jin not appear in dramas at all."</p><p data-uid="22d57e57-3108-426b-83ac-00a109782c77">Lee Ji-Yeon smiled at my response. "I guess I'll have to change the production company because the thought of Yoo-Jin not appearing in my drama is scary."</p><p data-uid="9ebea772-0076-45e0-9562-c9dfdf7f8c43">"Is that the conclusion we're arriving at?" I replied teasingly.</p><p data-uid="b326d848-ae94-4190-97b1-2765c553e83b">"Stop being so cheeky. Anyway, I'm tired of being in such an annoying place. Drop me off at home—Lawyer Kim is meeting me there."</p><p data-uid="d114bec9-d3e6-440b-aea6-9ef50a1f83c5">"Yes, Ms. Lee."</p><p data-uid="ff037310-befe-4fdb-9cef-eff17fa52dec">After taking Lee Ji-Yeon home, I headed to Yoo-Jin's house. I arrived at Yoo-Jin's house at around 6 p.m.</p><p data-uid="db508c33-7570-4b96-96b7-ca931ee3ac5c">After receiving Lee Ji-Yeon's warning, I also warned Yoo-Jin. "Don't answer any calls except mine in case President Lee contacts you. Okay?"</p><p data-uid="d338c757-6f35-4954-a4b6-7d0fb4d5f963">"Okay, oppa."</p><p data-uid="54ef2ef6-40b9-497b-81df-02d270823a80">At that moment, Miso ran out the door as soon as she heard the sound of my car.</p><p data-uid="f4c9be49-ae47-4d03-a214-ebf70bd4b164">"Uncle Yoon-Ho~!"</p><p data-uid="269885f4-9146-4615-a163-4dbb6e1c1ad9">Holding the landlord's hand, Miso ran toward the driver's seat and grabbed the side mirror tightly.</p><p data-uid="8ef2f656-eb0d-42c5-9154-f37e60b0f7d4">"I have something to show you! Come inside quickly!"</p><p data-uid="ca13c02a-0097-4363-a4f7-bd03f488bb03">The landlord also invited me to...</p>