---
title: "Chapter 141: There'S No Such Thing As A Permanent Number One (2)"
weight: 141
---
<p data-uid="0d6a08ec-d704-4ad6-bd8d-bd255067ec13">At the upscale Chinese restaurant, Hwaryong, a red dragon decoration hung from the ceiling, while twelve red pillars stretched across, gleaming with golden dragons carved into them.</p><p data-uid="e7fcd20a-1bd6-4f8e-94e0-e873575650e3">Overwhelmed by the atmosphere, Yoo-Jin exclaimed in admiration. "This place seems really expensive. Is it really okay for us to dine here?"</p><p data-uid="74aed282-b56f-4f96-a897-b81c2c737f52">"It is expensive, but it's not like we can't afford it once in a while. I think it's around 100 thousand won per person?" I replied.</p><p data-uid="dbf7c8dc-d15f-40ff-b037-ac1bba538451">Yoo-Jin looked around the surroundings and whispered in a low voice, "How could anyone spend 100 thousand won on a single meal? Do you know how many bowls of soup that would buy?"</p><p data-uid="aa1eab6b-5ace-4a38-b122-a1cc35037c3f">But I didn't want to make such calculations considering how much Lee Ji-Yeon earned in a year.</p><p data-uid="5cf9ee00-48c7-43fd-afb0-8a0fd9b3633f">"That would be 20 bowls of soup, oppa."</p><p data-uid="b81b463c-1ebc-4212-a3e3-5e961a346d40">"I know. But keep it down. We shouldn't talk like that when we're being treated."</p><p data-uid="48b5e343-fb67-4f17-820a-7b98f12bae58">"But if there are three of us, that's...let's see how many bowls of soup that would be..."</p><p data-uid="1b83765a-f7bb-4685-8822-5614c5e3e162">Yoo-Jin's constant calculations in terms of soup left me feeling a bit uneasy.</p><p data-uid="e3995e22-1ec9-4ba4-b78a-741e2bafbdc1">After hushing the observant Yoo-Jin, we followed the staff member leading us. The table was already set when we entered the reserved Room 7.</p><p data-uid="0aae4c6c-a183-44a4-9bac-8ec56a966a57">It was the Hwayo course, a lavish meal costing 150 thousand won per person—but I didn't tell Yoo-Jin the price because I didn't want her to start calculating how many bowls of soup that would be again.</p><p data-uid="2bbb78f7-4427-48e0-b517-71089b14d8c7">"Please help yourselves."</p><p data-uid="098f37f1-9f60-4932-b53e-282cf443640d">"Thank you, Ms. Lee."</p><p data-uid="dd489334-2dcb-4109-afbe-d96a87a9a4dd">As Lee Ji-Yeon...</p>