---
title: "Chapter 653: One Company (1)"
weight: 653
---
<p data-uid="8ba237a4-6d8f-49e5-8e95-08908af8533c"><span>Starting from the front door to the refrigerator, sticky notes were lined up on the floor. The colorful sticky notes pointed to the refrigerator like airport runway lights. Each sticky note had writing in different handwriting.</span></p><p data-uid="4c497509-1a8d-4d0e-874e-b7a65719ee6a"><span>"This has to be Miso's idea."</span></p><p data-uid="bfb522a7-9d3e-4051-b40a-d1d4a22afa3b"><span>Only Miso would come up with something like this. Yoo-Jin would have agreed to whatever Miso suggested, and Sae-Ri would have cheered. Of course, the thrilled Cherry Blossom members must have joined in.</span></p><p data-uid="9e079592-828d-4215-9d88-7ae9ea06830f"><span>Thinking about how happy everyone must have been, I chuckled softly. I took off my shoes and began peeling off the sticky notes one by one to read them.</span></p><p data-uid="d9ddc352-d7f8-4819-a509-3710e45339e7"><span>The first one was from Miso.</span></p><p data-uid="2686ddff-ee61-463b-bbb5-6f00dc4a642f"><span>[Miso: Uncle Yoon-Ho. Happy Valentine's Day. Follow the sticky notes for our gift. ♥♥]</span></p><p data-uid="ad526307-a9c9-45ea-a7ed-af65e2421700"><span>I let out a small laugh. Then I peeled off Miso's sticky notes and stuck it to my left hand.</span></p><p data-uid="63b27b34-f12d-495c-b049-9d4601aa9323"><span>Next came a sticky note from Yoo-Jin.</span></p><p data-uid="90853ee8-8906-4269-97e9-16aca97c5f7f"><span>[Yoo-Jin: Oppa. Take care of yourself while working. I put some chocolates and snacks in there, so please eat well~]</span></p><p data-uid="65103ead-8a29-470d-add2-d7248e915ae4"><span>Even in that short note, Yoo-Jin's concern came through. I added her sticky notes to my left hand and took another step.</span></p><p data-uid="55ac1e25-e439-4804-9f71-ba42f66b3f83"><span>This time, it was from Sae-Ri, who ranked first today.</span></p><p data-uid="39660172-2455-433a-bd74-a52977a9a626"><span>[Sae-Ri: Yoon-Ho oppa. Mr. Cha Tae-Hee said it was all thanks to you that I got first place today~ Thanks for always looking out for us. So, I decided to forgive you for being late. Oh, my chocolates are in the fridge.]</span></p><p data-uid="432c6357-8574-4a79-8bd6-01e7f3818cdf"><span>I didn't even need to check to know what kind of chocolate Sae-Ri brought.</span></p><p data-uid="db54f31c-dcb9-46fb-a74d-f29b74b95db8"><span>'</span><em><span>It must be mint chocolate.</span></em><span>'</span></p><p data-uid="6efc0ada-df33-4354-bde0-1e03b6eee0cb"><span>Still, thanks to her, I've eaten it enough that I can handle a little now.</span></p><p data-uid="7c9665fe-900c-4e4e-8ed5-ac1e042b7e9e"><span>I continued forward, step by step, reading notes from the rest—Cherry Blossom, Do Ran-Hee, Kang Ha-Na, and everyone...</span></p>