---
title: "Chapter 596: Moral Laws In Family Relationships (1)"
weight: 596
---
<p data-uid="ab1a0b87-62b2-44d6-9975-96c09a32ee0d"><span>"I'd like Mr. Lee Tae-Poong and Miss Jung Yoo-Jin to become the main models for Jinseong Hotel &amp; Resort. We'll match their advertising fees at 1.1 billion won annually each."</span></p><p data-uid="c72b5890-0692-4620-a2f5-b7c6927568c5"><span>Models for Jinseong Hotel &amp; Resort received the best treatment in the hotel industry. Currently, Yoon Joo-Yeon of Ace Entertainment and Jo Sun-Jae of TNT Entertainment were the models, and they were reportedly paid around 800 million won each.</span></p><p data-uid="516b66c9-4d8d-4515-aaa5-a589565c7bea"><span>But now Jin Ah-Ram was offering 300 million won more than that. That alone was surprising, but what truly shocked me was what came next.</span></p><p data-uid="10b9d38b-d8f9-409b-962b-835f8f898490"><span>"And for the events hosted at Jinseong Hotel, where VIP guests from home and abroad attend, we'll always send invitations to the two of them and to you, Mr. Jung. The appearance fee will start at 20 million won each time."</span></p><p data-uid="a0a757ca-4800-42b9-b6bf-1ade6607a48f"><span>Jinseong Hotel &amp; Resort hosted many events every year and Jin Ah-Ram was now saying she would invite Lee Tae-Poong and Yoo-Jin to every one of them. Receiving 20 million won in appearance fees every time was impressive enough, but even more valuable was the opportunity to meet foreign VIPs and build connections.</span></p><p data-uid="324bb482-9c16-41e5-94ef-94dd143faed2"><span>Sure enough, Jin Ah-Ram brought that point up herself.</span></p><p data-uid="8681850d-67e0-41f2-bebb-33df75f4bc4c"><span>"I wouldn't say this to just any talent agent, but for some reason I think you could do something big with those VIPs. Do you like the offer?"</span></p><p data-uid="0d8f159c-e170-4b82-9705-513e4d6478e6"><span>I nodded and said, "It'll be a huge help for negotiating global endorsement deals or launching celebrities overseas. Thank you so much for the consideration."</span></p><p data-uid="95410401-79e1-460d-b759-5208f014cd64"><span>"As expected, you get it right away. And don't call it consideration. You're the one who brought me this far. This is the least I can do to...</span></p>