---
title: "Chapter 468: Dancer'S Dream (5)"
weight: 468
---
<p data-uid="de051926-6944-49b9-9eae-9136eb4559a6"><span>"If you bring my daughter back and make her continue my legacy, I'll give you one of my buildings."</span></p><p data-uid="b3c01665-c7f7-42be-be94-542df29d0d75"><span>Before the regression, I had heard that Yeon Hwa-Seon owned a significant amount of land in Seoul including several buildings.</span></p><p data-uid="cf343f08-46ed-42ce-9778-b42d47b4b247"><span>Although it was difficult to make a fortune solely through traditional dance, her wealth was thanks to her father, who had been a farmer in Gangnam before it became an urban hub. His land eventually became Yeon Hwa-Seon's as she was his only child.</span></p><p data-uid="03886e5d-8ed7-40d9-a045-729b4f3c95af"><span>Now, she was offering one of those buildings.</span></p><p data-uid="75077c0a-24fd-4999-98e5-f8196dece7ca"><span>When I was caught off guard by the sudden proposal and hesitated, Yeon Hwa-Seon repeated,&nbsp; "Why aren't you answering? I'll give you the Yoo-Jin Building located near Hoop Entertainment. It's worth about two billion won."</span></p><p data-uid="ca1fa0aa-3521-4a28-a321-f579a8f5c0f0"><span>"Yoo-Jin Building?"</span></p><p data-uid="6e93328d-fc66-47e6-8fe3-27cfd559d48e"><span>Because the name matched Yoo-Jin's, I knew exactly which building she was referring to. It was an old five-story building, but it was worth far more than two billion won.</span></p><p data-uid="a24070af-a136-4e3c-9fb5-415c492fede4"><span>Though the building itself wasn't large, its attached parking lot was exceptionally spacious. Including the parking lot, the land alone was worth at least fifteen billion won. And with redevelopment, its value could rise significantly.</span></p><p data-uid="79c02cac-94d9-4b91-96b6-05bf909bd7d0"><span>"You look like you don't believe me. But for someone like me, a successor is far more important than money. I'm being completely sincere."</span></p><p data-uid="8b1aadb2-630d-4efb-ab2f-6cd657b55bd2"><span>For Yeon Hwa-Seon, a Human Cultural Asset, the continuation of the traditional dances restored by her mother and herself was her life's greatest value.</span></p><p data-uid="f68ccdee-5446-443d-a8fc-6ecfc8c2ca5c"><span>But I didn't care about money either.</span></p><p data-uid="34cd1d0d-1006-47b6-a265-ad23d03b1cbb"><span>"That won't be necessary, Ms....</span></p>