---
title: "Chapter 713: Changed Status (1)"
weight: 713
---
<p data-uid="2ff2c425-9a2e-4c09-8f32-c9af7b21502b"><span>The show that made Ahn Chae-Hyung a star director was <em>Talk Show! Entertainment World.</em></span></p><p data-uid="9195a40a-35dc-41ee-89a4-a96a323525a7"><span>Aired on Wednesday nights, <em>Talk Show! Entertainment World</em> was a popular program boasting an average viewer ratings of 15%. It covered entertainment news from the past week and featured the hottest actor and singer of the moment.</span></p><p data-uid="234464a7-b524-4ccf-9da7-2885c30c7028"><span>Simply appearing on the show earned one the title of a top celebrity, so agencies often tried to curry favor with Ahn Chae-Hyung. He enjoyed those favors without leaving much of a trace, which was how he had been able to maintain such a lifestyle.</span></p><p data-uid="d6d89705-976b-463c-a2a8-9f08b6308edb"><span>However, I knew the traces Ahn Chae-Hyung had left behind. So I spoke directly to Ahn Chae-Hyung's phone, which was lying on the table.</span></p><p data-uid="6bde02bf-11c8-4937-be49-5d89a6e57dfc"><span>"Mr. Han, this is Jung Yoon-Ho. I'm here too."</span></p><p data-uid="eaddc3f9-7055-4fc9-9e34-bc561e8e700f"><span>-What? You're there, Chief Jung? Since when?</span></p><p data-uid="07538bd5-b364-4e2c-9e4e-cc753ce093cc"><span>"From the beginning."</span></p><p data-uid="ac3d08e4-17a7-476e-9912-2157b75ccb55"><span>-Hey! PD Ahn! Did you seriously talk about kicking him out right in front of Chief Jung? You bastard. You've got talent, but what the hell is wrong with your character?</span></p><p data-uid="700aea34-3e46-4630-a2cb-0a3a4e743e87"><span>Ahn Chae-Hyung grumbled like he didn't see the problem.</span></p><p data-uid="49f7f3d5-910d-46c4-ba91-ba456647df8b"><span>"It seems you've gotten soft with age, Mr. Han. Since when did this company start caring about what a talent agent thinks, huh?"</span></p><p data-uid="41f5f6cd-19da-425d-84c3-6581a7fcaf3a"><span>Han Seok-Yung let out a sigh and tried to calm me down.</span></p><p data-uid="0d085bfd-869a-4c01-bb55-6d5feba9e9b8"><span>-Chief Jung. PD Ahn's words might be harsh, but his intentions aren't…</span></p><p data-uid="178ec451-7c65-4bfe-b58e-7ffdec0ba0a8"><span>Han Seok-Yung didn't know what had happened here yet, so I had to explain.</span></p><p data-uid="8583a554-0671-4056-9e30-3070cfde44f0"><span>"Mr. Han. Do you know why Mr. Ahn is acting like this right now?"</span></p><p data-uid="e72cc217-d498-4101-82d1-78fe2cfae72a"><span>-Huh? No. That's what I want to know. Why the hell is PD Ahn going off the rails like this? I still don't get it.</span></p><p data-uid="3683291e-5fd0-47fd-9620-d19d355ddad3"><span>"I just stopped him from making Oh Sung-Yeon from TK Entertainment pour drinks."</span></p><p data-uid="11ece195-7f2f-4185-9c13-cff3b849357c"><span>I deliberately didn't mention MBS' Choi Seok-Hwan or Cheon Yi-Sang, who were also present. After all, the most important thing...</span></p>