---
title: "Chapter 865: Cover Photo (2)"
weight: 865
---
<p data-uid="358f853d-f7ab-4eb5-b6c0-6f0761b63031"><span><span>Miso stepped out cheerfully, wearing the white hanbok she had worn in </span><em><span>Hwaranjeon</span></em><span>, holding a staff member's hand as she walked with a lively gait.</span></span></p><p data-uid="ac80528e-7b38-47e2-9ab5-670ef1b8489b"><span><span>Humming happily, Miso looked up at the photographer Eun Chae-Sik, who was standing on a platform, and asked, "Where should I lie down?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="150b6223-2102-4010-b6e0-12dc33c03a48"><span><span>The first cover photo was to reenact the scene from </span><em><span>Hwaranjeon</span></em><span> where Princess Yu-Hwa, after being poisoned by a deadly mushroom, came back to life.</span></span></p><p data-uid="71409421-703c-4291-9574-26c444df78a6"><span><span>However, Eun Chae-Sik seemed slightly concerned at how lively Miso looked. Still, masking his unease, he explained, "Just lie down with your head on the spot marked with a '+' in front of the platform. Look upward while acting, and both I and the camera mounted here will shoot you. Try to keep your head facing straight and steady."</span></span></p><p data-uid="813aab60-5cb8-4d94-8e17-2276f6345d24"><span><span>"Got it. Here I go!"</span></span></p><p data-uid="7f094dd9-6fa8-4710-96c6-c14682a01cbb"><span><span>Miso lay on the floor and aligned her head with the '+' mark. Just then, the large LCD monitor in the studio turned on, displaying the feed from the video camera aimed at the floor. Even though the scene was supposed to be intense, Miso's face on the monitor was still lit with a bright smile. She must have been enjoying the chance to relive her past performance from the drama.</span></span></p><p data-uid="244e1ee8-50be-4179-a0f9-3fa995070cfe"><span><span>That's when Jin Sol-Ah, watching Miso's expression, smirked in disbelief. "She looks like she's having way too much fun… How's she supposed to film like that?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="8f33f62b-536b-4ba7-a4f0-638803f5e4d5"><span><span>Since seeing is believing, I didn't bother answering. The staff then tidied Miso's hair as she lay on the floor, signaling that everything was ready.</span></span></p><p data-uid="c52b662e-67c0-4385-967c-8689296cb864"><span><span>From atop the platform, Eun Chae-Sik looked down and called out, "Miso, I'll give you plenty of time to get into character. Take your time an...</span></span></p>