---
title: "Chapter 664: Japan Business Trip (2)"
weight: 664
---
<p data-uid="80ce5715-985f-4243-809a-5660af66862d"><span>"Mrs. Suzuki is meeting with President Choi Man-Sik right now. She asked me to come pick you up instead. Anyway, come on. I'll take you to the hotel."</span></p><p data-uid="fa334ce8-76e6-46f5-9891-3758d485c6df"><span>CEO Suzuki Moeka of A1 Entertainment, a subsidiary of Hoop Entertainment, was originally supposed to meet me at the airport. I was supposed to discuss with her about Choi Eun-Tae's slush fund operations in Japan. But now, I was being told she postponed meeting me to see Choi Man-Sik instead.</span></p><p data-uid="a95de656-4a8f-4b98-bec2-f655fb1b3c90"><span>I couldn't make sense of it. Choi Man-Sik had been desperately trying to find out which of the subsidiaries from A1 to A10 Choi Eun-Tae had hidden his slush funds in. In other words, the current situation was like a thief meeting the vault keeper.</span></p><p data-uid="2dd17609-541c-486c-b37e-308db7b0a467"><span>For a moment, an outrageous thought flashed through my mind.</span></p><p data-uid="f8a70066-579f-49db-8d22-ea584ca66c35"><span>'<em>No way… did she betray us?'</em></span></p><p data-uid="f3ce025a-0ca1-485e-b9b3-b1114c044865"><span>Choi Eun-Tae had said he trusted Suzuki more than anyone. But from my pre-regression experience, I knew that kind of trust could break more easily than expected. When a huge amount of money was involved and a legitimate, younger successor reached out, middle managers often switched allegiances.</span></p><p data-uid="865978fb-55e4-44d2-8610-3a1a484cf2aa"><span>Still, I needed to confirm whether my suspicion was true. Yet I couldn't call Choi Eun-Tae right in front of Cha Sang-Jin. So I decided to try calling Suzuki to verify.</span></p><p data-uid="50cabb0e-a491-4671-ba8d-2f0d3589b468"><span><em>Ring Ring.</em></span></p><p data-uid="29ae1d1b-eadc-4108-bc15-b0f8fec2fa39"><span>Even after several rings, Suzuki didn't pick up.</span></p><p data-uid="4251b607-6707-4fb5-acbb-b9bbb74369b6"><span>Cha Sang-Jin frowned and asked, "Who are you calling?"</span></p><p data-uid="5cc017c5-8c73-409f-9a92-450f1a14aa06"><span>"I'm calling Mrs. Suzuki."</span></p><p data-uid="21ecb710-7eac-433a-89a5-e16fc0b80909"><span>"She's at a members-only club with Mr. Choi Man-Sik right now. You can't take calls there."</span></p><p data-uid="18b9b7d8-2b85-4860-8e60-98d8236179c3"><span>Some of those clubs required phones to be handed in at the entrance for security reasons.</span></p><p data-uid="c9579fa1-2c1c-426c-98d0-4fe30f5389a0"><span>'<em>Would've been nice if he mentioned that ea...</em></span></p>