---
title: "Chapter 603: Welcome To Korea (2)"
weight: 603
---
<p data-uid="15ac3dfb-ecec-4bb5-b38e-79dd81e51a22"><span>Zhou Shishi.</span></p><p data-uid="aeb6fc86-6d57-4ccf-b03b-5b1c992a433e"><span>The woman in the suit walking beside Ling Ling, pulling a suitcase, was Deputy Director Wang Min's closest bodyguard and personal aide.</span></p><p data-uid="9fc220c9-4e2b-420f-8ef6-707674182b8c"><span>At 173 cm with a slender, model-like build and beauty rivaling that of celebrities, most people who saw her felt charmed rather than wary. But she was a former elite soldier of the Chinese Special Operations Command without question.</span></p><p data-uid="af81f59c-6bdb-4ec5-8bcc-acd472b06278"><span>Before the regression, I once sparred in boxing with her shortly after she left the military. Even as a national-level boxer, I had a hard time keeping up. Thanks to that level of skill, Zhou Shishi was assigned the critical role of guarding Wang Min at the young age of 26.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="803a1627-c6aa-4294-af4a-f89c54b1f860"><span>And yet, such an important figure had shown up here—not by Wang Min's side, but directly in Korea. She was here to act as Ling Ling's personal assistant and talent agent.</span></p><p data-uid="e42e5197-f00d-4301-9fff-fcce4def0481"><span>As I puzzled over why she would be here instead of guarding Wang Min, a thought flashed through my mind.</span></p><p data-uid="7f421731-eecd-4200-9e48-320c5d393721"><span>'<em>Could it be... because of Chairman Jiang Wei?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="77c7e1f7-f5b0-4800-98c1-79b362bdac0c"><span>Until now, Wang Min had been fending off Jiang Wei at my request. But under the orders of the Communist Party, Wang Min could no longer stop him. So I thought perhaps Wang Min had sent Zhou Shishi to protect Ling Ling from Jiang Wei, who was always looking to break into Korea.</span></p><p data-uid="442c4d25-f943-4c92-ad51-3adb0f6c316a"><span>I figured I should check with Wang Long to confirm if my guess was right.</span></p><p data-uid="9bc61702-ee5c-46c3-920a-c9f10188ac52"><span>At that moment, my eyes met Zhou Shishi's. She gave a slight smile and bowed her head. She must have thought her disguise was perfect,...</span></p>