---
title: "Chapter 819: What Fate Is (2)"
weight: 819
---
<p data-uid="c9c241db-ac94-4cb0-9e0c-87a5b56982d0"><span><span>On the default 70-inch TV inside the living room of Unit 409 at DH Villa, Episode 11 of </span><em><span>The Boat Village People</span></em><span>, a drama that ended 18 years ago, was playing, showing a fishing boat entering port.</span></span></p><p data-uid="40c6382f-dd7a-49a5-917f-ee12b4c89f18"><span><span>『Bwooooom~』</span></span></p><p data-uid="3a1c029d-7da2-4c6a-8de0-34bc25fd412c"><span><span>A foghorn sounded from the boat as it approached a small harbor. On the port side of the Joy, which was flying a full catch flag, stood a man.</span></span></p><p data-uid="3c209541-c0da-474b-a532-6ccc5319184d"><span><span>He wore a white short-sleeve shirt, his short hair neatly cropped. His features were sharply defined as if carved with a chisel. His tanned skin glowed under the sun. The man radiating rugged masculinity on screen was none other than the younger version of Yeon Sang-Jin from 18 years ago.</span></span></p><p data-uid="97a6905e-d323-47bf-851c-0ba76cdaed79"><span><span>Yeon Sang-Jin had been a man from Seoul whose only experience with the sea was walking along the sands of Haeundae Beach. Yet in the drama, he stood casually with one foot up on the portside railing, enjoying the breeze like a man who had spent his whole life at sea.</span></span></p><p data-uid="d454d8a1-50cc-4dfc-b71f-1b5a99937eb5"><span><span>Just like President Kang Gam-Chan had said, it was incredibly natural for a debut performance. He even carried the ease of a seasoned actor. The fact that someone like Yeon Sang-Jin had remained unknown due to the failures of incompetent talent agents was heartbreakingly tragic.</span></span></p><p data-uid="b04b09d9-690f-4b7b-a073-da744d61d644"><span><span>At that moment, Yeon Bo-Ra began to cry upon watching her father on the screen. "Dad..."</span></span></p><p data-uid="a2d3b74b-958c-4d2b-9c5c-4896608f2494"><span><span>Yoo Jung-Hee also let out a torrent of tears as she spoke. "I don't know much about acting, but seeing it again... I think you're right, Mr. Kang. He used to get terrible motion sickness, but he doesn't show it at all. That must mean he's good at acting, right?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="f200b439-7adb-4db6-b0cc-184662fda281"><span><span>Kang Gam-Chan nodded as he watched the screen. "Yes. In fact, he was badly seasick during that scene. But the moment the camera rolled, he transformed. Even the local fisherman steering the boat were amazed."</span></span></p><p data-uid="8b90b74b-8a0a-4480-845f-8653c3d052cd"><span><span>Yoo Jung-Hee couldn't take her eyes off her husband's face on screen and kept nodding. "No wonder. On filming days for that drama, he'd come home completely exhausted....</span></span></p>