---
title: "Chapter 307: Choi Eun-Tae (4)"
weight: 307
---
<p data-uid="159b5329-e77c-4c55-938a-59107e274bbd"><span>In the master bedroom of the traditional house in Myeong-dong, Choi Eun-Tae dressed in traditional ramie clothes sat upright on a golden cushion.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="71c2295e-5b70-4aeb-9107-16889db6d08c"><span>Although average in build, his striking silver hair immediately caught my attention. Despite his advanced age, his sharp features hinted that he must have been quite handsome in his youth.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="c9d41737-7f4e-408b-a74c-fb169530e8ef"><span>As I silently observed him, Choi Eun-Tae lifted his head to meet my gaze. Even amid the chaos involving Kang Eun-Gi's attack, his eyes remained steady and unwavering, stirring a storm of emotions within me.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="b769bb37-a209-4136-9875-a2c67cabedab"><span>Nonetheless, I managed to keep my feelings under control. Regardless of who he was to us, he was still the major shareholder of Hoop Entertainment.</span></p><p data-uid="b0872671-f31d-4cb4-b92b-e9a966ef0de4"><span>At that moment, Kang Gam-Chan broke the tense silence. "Mr. Choi, aren't you going to ask us to sit?"</span></p><p data-uid="7b70e94c-d98f-4167-9777-3036580378d2"><span>Choi Eun-Tae smiled faintly and gestured to the two cushions in front of us. "Please, have a seat."</span></p><p data-uid="febda27d-b1c7-49fc-97b1-45c388a809ed"><span>"Thank you, Mr. Choi."</span></p><p data-uid="c90f4f38-ce07-4f4b-84b5-aa45ade9e3bd"><span>Kang Gam-Chan immediately sat down and I followed suit, taking my place on the cushion.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="c8f202c7-69c4-4d70-b583-64453711e057"><span>Silence fell over the room once again. As the chirping of sparrows outside echoed ten times over, Choi Eun-Tae and I simply faced each other without uttering a single word.</span></p><p data-uid="4536feb9-bd24-4963-8cdc-e642b98d17f7"><span>Sensing the continued tension, Kang Gam-Chan attempted to lighten the atmosphere by steering the conversation. "I didn't know you had a biological son, Mr. Choi."</span></p><p data-uid="13d4996f-8127-43dd-b898-73d0c4692d1e"><span>"I didn't know either. That's why I've been in this predicament until now."</span></p><p data-uid="f81a55cd-cbca-473b-a5c4-1a451e5f9094"><span>"I see. However, I don't think that statement can...</span></p>