---
title: "Chapter 390: Hwaranjeon Script Reading (1)"
weight: 390
---
<p data-uid="1003b3de-6c77-48d4-a74b-6e74f088ee1c"><span>MBS' drama <em>Hwaranjeon</em> was set in an alternate Silla period where Queen Seondeok met a mysterious death, unlike in actual history.</span></p><p data-uid="925a7b9b-bfdf-4c21-81cf-42b74fb66d7d"><span>After her husband King Eumgalmun ascended as Silla's new ruler, he took three queens, setting the story in motion.</span></p><p data-uid="2befbd80-f095-4453-89f8-378548c9b658"><span>Each of the three queens gave birth to a princess and they were named Jeong-Hwa, Yu-Hwa, and Do-Hwa. The drama's main plot was the rivalry and war among these six women, queens and princesses alike, for the future throne.</span></p><p data-uid="1b14d60b-4352-474c-a819-cddac173bdd1"><span>Thus, the title<em> Hwaranjeon</em> was chosen, symbolizing a "war of flowers."</span></p><p data-uid="4a08b86b-3883-4b7c-9a34-5dad29fd63ba"><span>Oh Bok-Hee reached out with news that S-class stars had been cast for major roles including the princesses, queens, king, and the king's prophet.</span></p><p data-uid="9a221f17-3d39-47e0-90c7-a9860fd33bde"><span>The role of the first queen went to TK Entertainment's S-class actress, Lee Tae-Yeon.</span></p><p data-uid="e4124792-9a19-478e-87dd-dfc644f5b18c"><span>Lee Tae-Yeon, the mother of Yang Yi-Ji, was an actress in her forties renowned for her exceptional acting skills and recognition. She had always taken on only lead roles, but accepted a supporting role this time.</span></p><p data-uid="f196a010-0ed1-4e56-b742-4b0f368d4b60"><span>The role of the third queen went to Ace Entertainment's thirty-two-year-old S-class actress, Yoon Joo-Yeon. She had recently drawn five million viewers to the theaters with her thriller movie, <em>Coastal Road</em>.</span></p><p data-uid="4a5d311e-30b0-4dbc-9099-c1ef895d7d3e"><span>Additionally, the role of the king's prophet, Mu-Mu, was given to Bless Entertainment's S-class actor Lee Soo-Han.</span></p><p data-uid="914a09bb-2a11-4e75-adf0-f1333a3a8946"><span>Oh Bok Hee had said this was all thanks to me.</span></p><p data-uid="9ddb61cb-9084-434d-b532-f76918150603"><span>Confused, I asked, "What do you mean they were cast thanks...</span></p>