---
title: "Chapter 744: Project I.O.A. Begins (3)"
weight: 744
---
<p data-uid="e8480116-ec90-442b-911c-d7a2e851e2e1"><span>Go Eun-Seo's father, Go Joon-Taek, was a three-term National Assembly member from Incheon. Before the regression, he had constantly shown up at the company, always asking me to take care of his daughter.</span></p><p data-uid="6f42fcf3-85ce-4a40-a95f-25fde4e861f0"><span>However, a request from a three-term lawmaker wasn't truly a request. It was more like a veiled threat. If his daughter suffered any setbacks or her popularity dipped, he wouldn't let it slide.</span></p><p data-uid="2f60d261-8ec2-4ee4-bb35-15c01cf2829d"><span>Now, that very man appeared here at SBC Broadcasting with a smile on his face. I had kicked his wife, Han So-Ye, out during the Korean preliminaries. And yet, he showed up in person, bringing SBC executives with him to flaunt his power.</span></p><p data-uid="e70886ae-8fde-4fb8-96b1-529155b9caf4"><span>Still, I had no intention of caving to his influence. I had knelt before power enough in my last life.</span></p><p data-uid="3e24b117-d97b-417b-b29c-1882977eefd0"><span>Go Joon-Taek bowed his head to Ji Yung-Sik, who was clearly upset at the interruption. "I must apologize. I didn't realize filming was underway. I've made a terrible misstep."</span></p><p data-uid="c3c11656-2fdd-4435-9dbd-68ba71ba98c7"><span>Just then, SBC's Variety Division Chief Park Han-Jong and other board members began frantically waving their hands.</span></p><p data-uid="4cbdb953-85ba-4ad6-ac54-1fc07042072d"><span>"Oh no, not at all! It's not like you did it on purpose, Mr. Assemblyman! PD Ji is just a little on edge because it's the first broadcast. Please understand."</span></p><p data-uid="6f85588d-2045-4181-a77d-9dd8e28c63a1"><span>Director Han Tae-San, quick to read the room, even helped Go Joon-Taek up. "Please, Mr. Assemblyman. Don't do this."</span></p><p data-uid="7869f26c-6a3b-4fbc-b8cc-a528bebd6e40"><span>"</span><em><span>Haha,</span></em><span> still, I really do feel bad…"</span></p><p data-uid="5f39eea0-c13d-4667-bd80-7756188cb071"><span>"It's fine, sir."</span></p><p data-uid="2f4e23bc-8d4a-4e52-8432-8b60c55c6ce8"><span>As Go Joon-Taek reluctantly lifted his head, Han Tae-San turned to calm Ji Yung-Sik. "Why are you just standing there, PD Ji? Come on, come greet Mr. Assemblyman. He didn't do it on purpose, so...</span></p>