---
title: "Chapter 648: Comeback (3)"
weight: 648
---
<p data-uid="7e5ad971-8630-4472-a091-7c3633873b96"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="9fae3212-2990-4d32-be89-99689216a895"><span>[Date: February 14, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="1e765894-5f11-4c1e-a166-aaec31ee96ef"><span>-10:00 p.m. [NEW. Kim Sae-Ri] &lt;Entertainment Everywhere&gt; Kim Sae-Ri. Fumbles repeatedly on KBC's </span><em><span>Music Stage</span></em><span>. "Achieving first place postponed to next week."</span></p><p data-uid="48b6db51-8723-489d-8d12-8f24bb6f2af3"><span>'</span><em><span>Sae-Ri making repeated mistakes on stage?</span></em><span>'</span></p><p data-uid="83f16097-bb9b-4142-b1ad-ea68945faa16"><span>I couldn't believe it. Sae-Ri might be timid and a bit boastful, but she was incredibly strong in real situations. Unlike the past, once she began her solo activities, she had grown mentally in leaps and bounds.</span></p><p data-uid="03864bca-acb3-4e86-83e5-12a5caac1a3d"><span>That was the reason I just couldn't accept that Sae-Ri would crumble all on her own. So I was convinced this had to be due to outside interference.</span></p><p data-uid="f50cd98c-7a6d-43e3-9d2d-15dcd1322885"><span>Immediately, I suspected Park Eun-Bin, who had just entered the waiting room.</span></p><p data-uid="5bbbc9e1-9d8f-47ae-ac5e-ddfc627754cf"><span>Park Eun-Bin wasn't the type to go around greeting other waiting rooms first. And besides, she and I had a terrible history. She probably hated the idea of visiting our room, which meant she was here for a reason.</span></p><p data-uid="2fc71571-11fe-4f72-894c-046263c15bb6"><span>I stood up and greeted her first, because I didn't want to give her any reason to find fault with me. "We should have come to greet you first. We're sorry we're late."</span></p><p data-uid="d4aea46b-39a4-434a-90fc-e9a8b8a4b24a"><span>Park Eun-Bin smirked and responded with a sarcastic smile. "Long time no see, Mr. Jung. Well, waiting room greetings are for whoever has time. Don't worry about it."</span></p><p data-uid="2acae6e5-5916-4c4f-adfe-e739b8080fc4"><span>Dressed in a pink two-piece outfit, Park Eun-Bin smiled with her eyes. Maybe she had some procedures done during her break, because the once haughty and arrogant impression she gave off had softened into something more puppy-like.</span></p><p data-uid="342c4b45-51ea-4566-8ead-f2deff6d5a18"><span>Just then, Sae-Ri, who had been sitting behind, stood up and slipped out beside me. Even though I had tried to block her, she greeted Park Eun-Bin with...</span></p>