---
title: "Chapter 375: Crack"
weight: 375
---
<p data-uid="bfe69974-0962-4a53-a545-89e27b6eac29"><span>When I entered the meeting room on the seventh floor, Jo Min-Sung sat at the table and waited for me with a bright smile.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="ed7e28ee-46c0-440d-97f6-a6aca9db04c1"><span>Next to him, Bang Sang-Yung sat with a gloomy expression. Across from them sat Kang Gam-Chan and Kang Ji-Yung, both showing the brightest expressions I had seen since traveling back in time.</span></p><p data-uid="f972762f-f270-4d34-be8c-446d3b231b90"><span>Jo Min-Sung waved as he greeted me. "Team Lead Jung. Please come and sit."&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="53bcdb40-f5a5-4393-88cc-03f7aba39855"><span>"I heard the contract has been successfully finalized," I said.</span></p><p data-uid="3a1e93e7-e082-47c6-b5cf-6f52caa93cae"><span>Jo Min-Sung chuckled. "<em>Haha</em>, it seems word has already gotten around."</span></p><p data-uid="06ba0f45-05bf-4331-b328-99e9dc89e712"><span>After exchanging some pleasantries, I took my seat.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="9e30d72a-32c8-4bff-8f27-d425a4f1b435"><span>Kang Gam-Chan looked at me with a satisfied smile. "You may have already guessed, but Mr. Jo Min-Sung wants to work with you, Team Lead Jung. What do you think? Can you take it on?"</span></p><p data-uid="9f3c1736-24f7-4310-9c7b-b98cdf205b16"><span>As expected, the purpose of this meeting was to discuss moving Jo Min-Sung's management to Team Jung.</span></p><p data-uid="10bf6998-0486-454f-89e7-5acd1cf59ee0"><span>"I would be honored. Supporting Mr. Jo Min-Sung is basically like helping Hoop Entertainment grow, wouldn't you agree?"</span></p><p data-uid="142246dd-f0eb-4064-b4f9-4735c23d7fa6"><span>Jo Min-Sung nodded with a satisfied expression. "In that sense…I'd like to be managed under Team Jung from now on."</span></p><p data-uid="e825fdef-060c-4b87-a093-0aaca44d4dbf"><span>The annual revenue Jo Min-Sung generated alone was around 20 billion won. Once he joined Team Jung, it would make our team the highest revenue generator among all departments.</span></p><p data-uid="d5cd2031-fa1b-44ea-b1ed-2652e89f2aef"><span>At that moment, Bang Sang-Yung's phone began to ring.</span></p><p data-uid="b20b68c1-ca7f-41fe-b02c-4258715f7e43"><span>"Could you at least keep it on vibrate?" Kang Gam-Chan chided him.</span></p><p data-uid="90e0a2be-f2e5-4fc8-9286-5e12883b6104"><span>Bang Sang-Yung bowed his head apologetically as he answered his phone. "Excuse me for a moment."</span></p><p data-uid="5dbf3a8e-4d44-42bc-a5da-0552cfd28bbb"><span>However, when Bang Sang-Yung answered the call,...</span></p>