---
title: "Chapter 572: One Sip Milk (2)"
weight: 572
---
<p data-uid="141e4ded-5bf3-4f0d-963b-548ca96031fd"><span>Han Woo-Hyuk explained the situation he had heard from his mother. "The manager of the One Sip Milk authorized dealer in our neighborhood sent several boxes of milk and bifidus probiotic drinks to our house as gifts. He said he's looking forward to working with us."</span></p><p data-uid="3ff6a3f0-1cc6-4f49-975e-c815560517b7"><span>The manager's name was Yang Ah-Jin, a man notorious in the neighborhood for his bad character. Apparently, he suddenly showed up at their house and said he was looking forward to their relationship.</span></p><p data-uid="46f80bd4-7649-4e90-9296-bb3d9db6f961"><span>At that moment, one of the worst schemes Yoo Moon-Ho had pulled before the regression came to my mind.</span></p><p data-uid="205edc51-b9d1-46a5-830c-fd89681756ad"><span>'</span><em><span>They're trying to frame Han Woo-Hyuk as a power-abusing actor.</span></em><span>'</span></p><p data-uid="b07c1d63-7583-4f15-b3ae-4ef3cb3504be"><span>To confirm my memory, I wasted no time pulling up Everyday.</span></p><p data-uid="5cbd543c-a9e4-4ce1-b0f4-c1223dda8b6d"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="fc4392de-bd7f-42ee-a1d0-bac87c9d350d"><span>[Date: July 14, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="8e45ee66-b1a8-49b2-849e-5af0e0ed7ab4"><span>-10:00 p.m.: &lt;Entertainment Everywhere&gt; "Veteran actor Mr. P accused of excessive demands on authorized dealer in exchange for a milk ad. Emergence of a power-abusing actor." (Meeting Agenda: Fake news. Suspected setup by One Sip Milk's Director Yoo Moon-Ho. Investigate similar cases involving other company celebrities.)</span></p><p data-uid="298169af-2ab4-47d9-9d0b-b0ba72deaced"><span>Before the regression, Yoo Moon-Ho had once falsely branded TK Entertainment's Park Joon-Sik as a power-abusing actor.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="42c29627-531f-4a03-a512-9945d59e4a34"><span>At the time, Park Joon-Sik, a veteran actor, had delayed signing an ad contract while demanding a 30% higher model fee. In retaliation, Yoo Moon-Ho started sending all kinds of One Sip Milk products to Park Joon-Sik's house via a local manager.</span></p><p data-uid="c93a0403-e730-4b0a-8ea2-5c6e758b6da6"><span>Thinking the company...</span></p>