---
title: "Chapter 568: Bihyungrang (1)"
weight: 568
---
<p data-uid="9fb720b4-40ea-490b-a19b-f8ea3ea2388a"><span>"Chief Jung, I want to give you half of the shares of Mirinae, which will soon be revived."</span></p><p data-uid="6da7f8ba-9879-40b7-bb3a-37ee729d1abc"><span>Mirinae had the potential to generate tens of billions in profit just with the production of <em>Haze </em>after its revival. If I continued helping with drama production even a little, it could eventually lead to hundreds of billions in revenue.</span></p><p data-uid="c2c70e93-e62a-4ed3-b513-0ba5d8de31cb"><span>Han Yoo-Sik said he wanted to give me half the shares of such a company. I wondered if he was scared because of what he experienced during bankruptcy, so I tried to reassure him.</span></p><p data-uid="2fff98a6-503a-42f7-bce3-9029533cba01"><span>"Mr. Han. If you're worried that loan sharks might come after you again, please don't worry. Daeheung Savings Bank, which took over the debts from the Myeongdong Rebuild Crew, is a place I know very well. Also, with Yung-In as the lead and Miso appearing too, this project will definitely succeed. So you don't have to worry about bankruptcy."</span></p><p data-uid="baf54bd8-78e5-4a9a-9efc-6089089b0a15"><span>"That's not it."</span></p><p data-uid="9ca6b1dc-30da-428b-8ea4-cdc8dcc702cc"><span>Han Yoo-Sik shook his head and began to talk about the conversation he had with his wife last night.</span></p><p data-uid="a4b1a480-1c54-4412-a1a6-4edd4d700c58"><span>"Last night, lying in our warm room, my wife and I talked about how we could repay you. But we realized we had almost nothing left. We have only Mirinae..."</span></p><p data-uid="5d6a9191-92bb-4f75-a156-b34e297b6693"><span>I felt touched, but I sensed that giving me the shares wasn't the only reason. That's when a sudden thought crossed my mind.</span></p><p data-uid="27d642dc-a02f-4718-8401-bb5d5c83fa65"><span>"Is it because of your children?" I asked.</span></p><p data-uid="be3a9787-f96d-495a-b7f3-c53fd091b663"><span>Han Yoo-Sik stayed silent for a moment before slowly nodding. "To be honest, that's part of it. If I return to the industry, those bastards who are worse than beasts will come looking for me. But I don't want to pass anything I have to them. I'd rather give it to you,...</span></p>