---
title: "Chapter 547: Park Sang-Gyu (1)"
weight: 547
---
<p data-uid="d443feb0-49a4-41d3-9245-9006bae88cc9"><span>The last remaining member of Faithful was Park Sang-Gyu.</span></p><p data-uid="3398152a-c06b-4809-a3fd-c44ae18d3635"><span>At 38 years old, he had spent over a decade acting solely in Daehak-ro, recognized as a highly skilled actor. Because of his wide acting range, his peers often called him 'a man of a thousand faces.'&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="5130a914-d300-40a5-be30-54d7af1cfe41"><span>Ironically, that very talent became a poison in his life. Since he could handle any role at a consistently high level, Go Dong-Hyuk, the director of his theater troupe 'Once-in-a-Lifetime,' began assigning him multiple roles in a single play. As a result, Park Sang-Gyu drifted away from leading roles and gradually became identified as a supporting actor.</span></p><p data-uid="4ad0e365-5d14-4bac-8b68-04b92a4b93b1"><span>Then, two years ago, when he was 36, light finally came into his life. While scouting college-area stages, Han Yoo-Joon, the PD of KBC's daily drama <em>East Sea and West Sea,</em> happened to see Park Sang-Gyu perform and offered him a role.</span></p><p data-uid="899c7968-63f5-427d-9ecc-1a845f155ae9"><span>-Mr. Sang-Gyu, your acting's great. We actually need a supporting actor for our drama. Let's work together. And while you're at it, find yourself a proper agency and move into television.</span></p><p data-uid="4f75c9e4-789a-4b45-913b-35ee8e99fda5"><span>Park Sang-Gyu eagerly accepted the offer and, through Go Dong-Hyuk's introduction, signed a contract with Ace Entertainment. Although he gave half of his signing bonus to Go Dong-Hyuk as a referral fee, he gladly agreed since it would go toward running the theater troupe. After all, the troupe's operating budget also helped pay junior actors' salaries.</span></p><p data-uid="6d19c617-9c8d-40ff-9c5e-08e53beb11cc"><span>Leaving the theater troupe behind, Park Sang-Gyu saw an opportunity and proposed...</span></p>