---
title: "Chapter 820: The Largest Shareholder?"
weight: 820
---
<p data-uid="de6ef56b-7a39-444d-8fac-89ffca9794ce"><span>-Your share is 18%. In other words, you are going to be the largest shareholder of Hoop Entertainment.</span></p><p data-uid="a660c0b3-00d4-4f19-a5e5-d3623c6ba553"><span>I was going to receive 15% of Hoop Entertainment's shares—12% from President Choi Man-Sik and an additional 3% that Chairman Choi Eun-Tae had promised to grant me. But when a hidden portion of Choi Man-Sik's shares surfaced, that amount increased to 18%. I also had 0.5% in shares through employee stock options and public offerings. Combined, I would own 18.5%.</span></p><p data-uid="2eb95196-67fb-47b8-b6b1-ebd570ffc547"><span>The problem was that President Kang Gam-Chan currently held 18%, which meant I would surpass him by 0.5% and become the largest shareholder.</span></p><p data-uid="ad9f15e1-51a7-4e5b-971b-58ee9cf3e2f9"><span>Choi Eun-Tae would still hold 20% even after gifting me shares, but his were held under borrowed names through Daeheung Savings Bank and Future Imagination Savings Bank, disqualifying him from being the sole largest shareholder.</span></p><p data-uid="357080f5-5f04-4cc1-aeb9-add0712219c4"><span>While I was still taken aback, Choi Eun-Tae continued.</span></p><p data-uid="dc54515a-dcd4-45e0-9bb8-0baec04d81d3"><span>-Anyway, come to the hospital in Gwanghwamun now. We need to discuss this largest shareholder issue.</span></p><p data-uid="eeb94079-b121-4622-ab4b-a259d7fa3f6d"><span>I immediately objected. "I'll be right there. But just so you know, I don't want it."</span></p><p data-uid="8dd45877-b844-4ca9-9541-fe63cc3ec129"><span>The moment I became the largest shareholder, reporters would track my every move. Then, I wouldn't be able to stay active in the field.</span></p><p data-uid="5f696d12-abb4-4559-9cec-308b7290ea74"><span>More importantly, it could shake Kang Gam-Chan's position. Rumors would fly about the management being unstable or the largest shareholder having ulterior motives. Gossip tabloids would churn out stories daily.</span></p><p data-uid="3864e41f-fa5f-4be4-bd6e-167cd48a88db"><span>At that moment, came Choi Eun-Tae's laugh.</span></p><p data-uid="f27ff11b-5315-45ff-be60-b7e60970293b"><span>-</span><em><span>Hahaha</span></em><span>. We'll talk when you get here. I'll hang up now.</span></p><p data-uid="c0bcabdf-2963-40d5-b144-1cc67c22d776"><em><span>Click.</span></em></p><p data-uid="c8e4345c-6c1a-4cdf-b288-98b159fec08b"><span>The call ended.</span></p><p data-uid="d5dc5c31-6b3c-4bab-a671-427424b4f438"><span>Choi Eun-Tae had to be aware of the issues that could arise from me becoming the largest shareholder, so I couldn't understand why he laughed as he hung up.</span></p><p data-uid="717518e6-8fcf-4e15-925b-452f44595cc2"><span>Regardless, I couldn't just sit still. I stopped eating and got up from my seat. "I'm sorry, but something urgent...</span></p>