---
title: "Chapter 27: Decision"
weight: 27
---
<p data-uid="06fd1796-c587-4668-8af6-8cea214c22de">‘<em>Do you like Mommy or Daddy better? If you don’t answer, I will kill you.</em>’</p><p data-uid="ccf4c2c6-1b3f-4220-a2b2-765414478d60">It felt as if a witch was whispering in my ear, pointing a chilling blade at my throat.</p><p data-uid="a206b649-a1ab-4f9e-8087-608593849269">Deep down, I had already chosen Kim Soll-Ip’s drama—but I had to answer carefully to make sure I didn't hurt Lee Ji-Yeon’s feelings. If I spoke carelessly in front of Lee Ji-Yeon, she might think I was dismissing her and not contact me for her next drama.</p><p data-uid="2b2f05b3-b0b4-4d8b-9ff4-bbe46e875661">After gathering my thoughts, I spoke cautiously.</p><p data-uid="7d37dcd7-2a28-4de6-811d-930157e50816">“In my opinion as a talent agent, I think it would be best for the actor to choose the role they are passionate about!”</p><p data-uid="9870feda-0782-4c72-bb67-194a5bfbe554">Kim Soll-Ip’s expression brightened, perhaps because I remained calm despite the intimidation from top-tier author Lee Ji-Yeon.</p><p data-uid="eb31633e-52fe-4860-a6ec-603c1080d162">However, I was met with Lee Ji-Yeon’s intense gaze.</p><p data-uid="1210bc06-b8bc-4d10-920e-8fc35dc95811">“Yoon-Ho. I don’t like that look in your eyes. Don’t you know how observant I am?”</p><p data-uid="d3cd0cc8-02da-4253-8aa5-d4861cecd1a1">‘<em>Yikes. Did she realize I had already made up my mind about whose drama to go with?</em>’</p><p data-uid="6408042c-130c-43ed-9121-3f3eb46d7f9e">I quickly bowed my head to avoid Lee Ji-Yeon’s gaze.</p><p data-uid="b7c4f34e-baa3-497e-b858-9d2e1c4ded29">“Hey, Ms. Lee. Stop tormenting him. Look at how pale his face has become because of you.”</p><p data-uid="dba37e63-7da1-4bba-8b5e-d905b96183a1">“What do you mean, Mr. Kang? All I did was just look at him. Can’t I even look?”</p><p data-uid="e55b7cda-b541-4668-bd45-cd76c48bd512"><em>‘She was just looking at me? Her eyes were blazing!’</em></p><p data-uid="ee55ac90-d61c-45bc-b5e0-dfefaa1f0953">After being scolded by Kang Gam-Chan, Lee Ji-Yeon playfully poked Kim Soll-Ip on her side after complaining.</p><p data-uid="8e4cbff0-e296-4456-9b0a-5b424bf45101">“<em>Eek!</em> Ms....</p>