---
title: "Chapter 153: If You Commit A Sin, You Should Be Punished (3)"
weight: 153
---
<p data-uid="048dc6c6-4504-4954-ba8e-1ff4f9ef7a9f">According to Lee Eun-Hyang, Jang Eun-Yung called her last night to the dormitory and instructed her to tamper with Woo Yeon-Hee's sponsored shoes.</p><p data-uid="c9593ef5-2625-407c-b817-d0da70598c43">Jang Eun-Yung promised that if things went smoothly, she would hire Lee Eun-Hyang as a full-time stylist for Golden Road within a month.</p><p data-uid="9f304718-6db4-4ca5-bb9b-41916f11ae78">Lee Eun-Hyang showed me her call log with Jang Eun-Yung to prove she wasn't lying and ended up confessing more than what was asked.</p><p data-uid="1e864ed2-a899-4d57-a4d8-b883577ee1ae">After recording Lee Eun-Hyang's confession, I pondered for a moment. Turning Lee Eun-Hyang over to the police would be the easy part. But I thought it would be better to use this as a trump card to bring down Jang Eun-Yung.</p><p data-uid="0c4f661b-6e35-4657-bb01-956858ebbe91">"Miss Lee. Will you do as I say?" I asked.</p><p data-uid="c9950d47-a361-4f7b-8851-6ef7f98394c2">"Yes! I'll do anything! Please don't report me to the police."</p><p data-uid="14c72abb-64d1-4e16-a4c9-cdbf7ecb2cde">"Alright then. Just wait a moment."</p><p data-uid="65a6ef3d-5636-4f10-9a5a-bf1d872e29fe">I immediately called Lee Dong-Min.</p><p data-uid="fb9e60b9-b254-4efe-9fc5-5305c8729a19">Hearing about the situation, Lee Dong-Min was furious.</p><p data-uid="88ea3fbe-9c86-4db0-9075-b0b966f08e06">-What? Eun-Yung dared to mess with our kids? Report her to the police right now and...</p><p data-uid="b1197048-6afc-42ad-b51a-f5f89461e58a">"Mr. Lee, please calm down. Miss Lee Eun-Hyang said she'll do everything as instructed."</p><p data-uid="646c68ac-b786-4164-8203-3787241bd37f">After a moment of silence, a sigh of relief came through the phone.</p><p data-uid="9f09f743-219a-4035-b0c3-40815e9e0a48">-What should we do? Do you have a plan in mind?</p><p data-uid="d3c643c5-5fc3-4d88-a187-d699ec263b78">Instead of answering right away, I spoke to Park Yi-Yoon. "Sunbae, could you please leave us alone for a moment? I need to talk to Miss Lee Eun-Hyang."</p><p data-uid="12b01b4d-7316-459c-8c3d-7f6db3019797">"I'm sorry for raising my voice earlier. I should have managed things better..." Park Yi-Yoon apologized.</p><p data-uid="5f0f948b-5f7a-4293-be3a-3f31c27288d9">"It's okay. Don't worry about it. I trust...</p>