---
title: "Chapter 207: Master Of Mukbang Audition (1)"
weight: 207
---
<p data-uid="ef6adac5-9dea-46d9-8fd1-762eb2189012">"Hello. I am Lee Jin-Taek, a third-year student at the Korean Culinary Talent High School."</p><p data-uid="232dc33d-0d95-4398-8a12-313177e5b17b">The Korean Culinary Talent High School was a school where aspiring professional chefs fiercely competed for admission.</p><p data-uid="3dae5b47-787a-400f-bb75-26bc8b4bf4fc">I had heard that one must be able to cook hotel-level meals just to get admitted.</p><p data-uid="f1637230-5787-49af-8a2c-ac5a68dd5798">'<em>But he's a third-year high school student there?' </em>I thought.</p><p data-uid="9defbc77-b8ed-4394-b41d-46adccffada1">That meant he must have the skills of a fairly competent restaurant chef. He even said that he brought his own special knife.</p><p data-uid="c67470b4-26a2-45cb-8db6-4513f4c08cd0">"A pro showed up where amateurs are playing around," I responded to his introduction.</p><p data-uid="6862f8cf-1ee0-4b7f-a8b1-906046602c90">Lee Jin-Taek waved his hands dismissively. "<em>Ha ha,</em> I'm not a pro at all."</p><p data-uid="87f5ef35-da8b-4b60-8758-32d3763b0b24">Only then could I understand why Ma Dong-Pal wore such a confident expression.</p><p data-uid="e5842817-3343-4f08-8e4f-b6a78f0a8864">I took a slight glance at Haru in case he was discouraged. But fortunately, Haru didn’t seem intimidated.</p><p data-uid="624d827f-a20c-4292-89c9-9118738f1a50">'<em>I'm so proud of him,</em>' I remarked inwardly.</p><p data-uid="1a9e030c-5165-4847-825f-1b117eda33f5">After the previous incident with Woo Sung-Chan, Haru had matured mentally. But that's when Haru gave an unexpected response.</p><p data-uid="b3b42a7a-90f7-491b-a8aa-7e17099c968a">"My name is Haru, a third-year student at Hanyoung Arts Junior High. I learned cooking from the cafeteria ladies."</p><p data-uid="0978d5ae-38b1-412c-a37e-03f12ab89930">Lee Jin-Taek burst out laughing at Haru's confident response. "<em>Pfft</em>. School meals... <em>Ahem</em>. I'm sorry, I just didn’t see that coming."</p><p data-uid="90f76ea0-5e85-43ff-85cf-7f8cc04d6c28">I frowned. '<em>What? What’s wrong with learning from the cafeteria ladies?</em>'</p><p data-uid="7ac2b161-d38b-4b43-a05a-bc9676d427e6">I did not need to be discouraged when...</p>