---
title: "Chapter 512: Concert Accident (1)"
weight: 512
---
<p data-uid="6ec80102-f4c3-4012-b64b-860675477414"><span>[Everyday V12.1]</span></p><p data-uid="7efce92e-36e0-4310-a16a-cfaf4ef5eb4e"><span>[Date: December 26, 2020]</span></p><p data-uid="dbb08019-ad72-4833-bf5c-42a2117b81bc"><span>-07:30 p.m. [NEW. Yoo Eun-Ah] Emergency room. Diagnosed with a six-week recovery period. (<em>Ballerina of Time</em> filming halted. Replaced with another actress.)</span></p><p data-uid="d9d72a95-6998-4c06-bdea-3aaf94d793c4"><span>-07:30 p.m. [NEW. Kim Sae-Ri] Emergency room. Diagnosed with a four-week recovery period. (Solo debut planned for January canceled.)</span></p><p data-uid="20a5de2a-c513-47b6-bee2-a35ca54acad8"><span>The notification showed that both of them would visit the emergency room at the same time. Judging by their arrival time, it was clear they would be injured just as the concert began. On top of that, their injuries seemed serious enough to force them to halt their upcoming activities.</span></p><p data-uid="df713dcd-3f68-4b50-970f-6f74584f6be2"><span>'<em>What on earth is about to happen?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="c6103f88-ffaf-4121-b64d-198249a75fdb"><span>Maybe it was the backlash from twisting fate, but it felt like my celebrities were more prone to accidents. I tried to think of scenarios where they could narrowly avoid getting hurt. Yet, with the countless potential accidents that could happen at a concert, I couldn't pinpoint exactly what might occur.</span></p><p data-uid="ba7bce34-805a-46c1-8b0e-ebea9db3cde5"><span>In the end, there was only one thing I could do in this situation: check each risk factor one by one.</span></p><p data-uid="5d6c4e33-d393-4c22-b6f6-d4f2a4acae7f"><span>First, I needed to visit Performance Brothers, the production company responsible for the stage setup, and inspect their progress.</span></p><p data-uid="9c2bcd43-15c0-40bd-99a5-f33ca57f98f8"><span>Sae-Ri's voice brought me back to my senses. "Yoon-Ho oppa, what's wrong?"</span></p><p data-uid="71df2c22-1d4a-4341-96c3-0167b261f8d9"><span>Everyone in the recording studio, including Sae-Ri and Kang Ha-Na, was staring at me. Although I tried to keep my emotions in check, my surprise must have shown on my face.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="2838f5ec-55eb-481e-bd72-4b26510e01e6"><span>I forced a smile as if nothing was wrong. "It's nothing. Don't worry about it. By the way, you all know there's...</span></p>