---
title: "Chapter 205: Competition?"
weight: 205
---
<p data-uid="0fae551f-4dad-47bf-94a5-16d28bf302e5">On the same day MBS would air<em> In the Name of God</em>, SBC would also start airing <em>Festival of Money</em> by the renowned makjang<span class="footnote-ref" id="footnote-ref-de86"><a href="#footnote-de86">[1]</a></span> drama writer Hong Jang-Mi.</p><p data-uid="69880694-0cb7-4a93-84a9-933efb575c96">Despite securing an S Class writer, this tragic drama never surpassed a 10% viewership rating until the very end in my past life.</p><p data-uid="1b2e136d-7b44-499b-9fcc-d77611fa96ee">The biggest reason for the flop was the financial struggles of Han Se-Hwa Productions, which was in charge of the production. This led to a failure in casting proper lead actors. At that time, many people believed that achieving a 20% viewership rating would have been easily possible if the actors had brought the script to life better.</p><p data-uid="7dcc9194-e1f1-4a68-8c69-6458bbbc326f">And that record remained in my planner until this morning.</p><p data-uid="755dfb2f-23a2-421c-99c0-da8f3830a2c3">[Everyday V10.1]</p><p data-uid="50a1c866-06dc-4fa2-aaf6-66dcf41eb06d">[Date: July 29, 2020]</p><p data-uid="b387a26c-56d7-4132-83e3-4478596e906e">-10:00 p.m. &lt;Deleted Schedule&gt;</p><p data-uid="dac36e5f-5424-4c21-afa6-1a3062380d4a">(Deleted Schedule: &lt;<em>Festival of Money</em>&gt; Episode 1 viewership ratings 2.3%)</p><p data-uid="a97bfab8-9dcb-477d-b5db-a466be870767">"Mr. Kim, how much was the investment from Hwayeon Media Inc.?" I asked.</p><p data-uid="16ada13f-4fa9-4064-a5a4-d13c0369ba8e">"About 20 billion won. That's why they are completely changing the lead roles now," Kim Sung-Woon replied.</p><p data-uid="f2ecc388-1bce-4d8b-ab87-eb254f6b57f0">Lee Ji-Yeon frowned, "Hwayeon Media Inc. is where President Jiang Wei is, right? He came to MBS last time and said he would invest in us. Maybe he's finally making a serious move into Korea?"</p><p data-uid="070165b2-9792-4e05-a105-bc76dfa0d10b">"Probably not yet, but maybe this drama will be a test for entering the Korean market earlier than planned."</p><p data-uid="f35e719d-4bf5-4d9d-811b-265f15a20629">Although it was planned that Jiang Wei would enter the Korean market directly a year later, he seemed to be testing the waters a bit earlier than expected.</p><p data-uid="183246c1-3c82-4f53-8fa7-60f72ff2d414">'<em>Or maybe he's...</em></p>