---
title: "Chapter 647: Comeback (2)"
weight: 647
---
<p data-uid="485f64d7-10fc-42ea-815f-48db010e9d1b"><span>I said, "I'm thinking of renting out the entire LT amusement park in Jamsil."</span></p><p data-uid="a06024d4-231e-4e6e-9c00-3b72b9da8002"><span>Sung Ji-Yeon widened her eyes and asked again. "Really? Is that even possible?"</span></p><p data-uid="73ad46bb-4eef-4b13-84dc-212e07bac59a"><span>"Yeah. It's possible. I've confirmed that we can rent the whole place during late-night hours. And we'll invite all the reporters too."</span></p><p data-uid="69d1951b-783b-47a9-a42d-2875c1be25ca"><span>"You already had everything planned, didn't you!"</span></p><p data-uid="a5bb8be6-1227-4c65-8264-fcaae9a81b12"><span>I nodded. "Yeah..."</span></p><p data-uid="63d659cd-9bee-44bb-97f6-8d04cb61f24d"><span>"Wow~. If that works out, it'll completely overshadow those lunchbox sponsorship posts and the articles about Park Eun-Bin! Big events always drown out the small ones!"</span></p><p data-uid="1d8e87a1-d348-4ceb-b52a-c4a33f9f7e8a"><span>There was no denying that Bae In-Jung of Petite Angel handing out top-tier lunchboxes worth two hundred thousand won each was a pretty solid talking point today. After all, the social media was already blowing up over it.</span></p><p data-uid="3b474ff2-f180-4189-bf19-bdd033381cf9"><span>However, hosting a massive event at a large amusement park in the heart of Seoul for thousands of people would be an even bigger deal. Especially if we invited reporters to take photos and enjoy the event together, it was bound to be covered with favorable articles.</span></p><p data-uid="030d0282-3ad6-4c1a-af1d-92b06778d12c"><span>The excited Sung Ji-Yeon clapped her hands and asked, "Oh, but what about the rental fee for the amusement park? Should we collect participation fees from the fan club members? I can pitch in as much as I can too."</span></p><p data-uid="9b279715-6117-4ae2-8fba-d1c1457c8158"><span>The cost of renting LT amusement park during late-night hours ranged from fifty million to two hundred fifty million won, depending on which rides we used and how many hours we reserved.</span></p><p data-uid="dc80e4c9-128d-47c1-87fd-12f100a44ac8"><span>Cherry Blossom had reached its peak both last year and this year, all thanks to the fan club, Cherry Blossom Family. So now, it was my turn to step up.</span></p><p data-uid="1969c91c-dcd5-4cd7-b988-3e4c9b0cd631"><span>"No. Our fan club members are already stretched thin supporting Sae-Ri's solo activities after Cherry Blossom. I'll take care of it, so don't worry."</span></p><p data-uid="eec731e8-c2c3-4b21-a531-fce4aac3279a"><span>I reassured Sung Ji-Yeon and then called Kang Ji-Yung.</span></p><p data-uid="73ca6be9-e29a-4dab-bc6d-5ef035f10a39"><span>-Yes, Mr. Jung.</span></p><p data-uid="8adf36fc-7634-431a-9e72-2125dd2e344d"><span>"I'm at KBC right now. Did you see the article about Park Eun-Bin's comeback?"</span></p><p data-uid="0f6452cc-4149-43ee-b060-9a0d14308434"><span>-Yes. We're checking it now too. We're contacting reporters...</span></p>