---
title: "Chapter 120: Definition Of Family (2)"
weight: 120
---
<p data-uid="79eb2349-df52-4e32-9064-6d950adaf3c2">Miso's dad, Lee Sung-Han, had left a will in case something happened to him and his wife. The first clause of the will appointed Miso's maternal grandparents as her guardians. Having meticulous personalities, they had even prepared a second clause.</p><p data-uid="41041ff3-2e69-4f1a-a9ac-5192ebf89aa7">However, Yoo-Jin only learned about the existence of this will today.</p><p data-uid="2ddf8f4c-f6f7-47a0-9974-fcf62aa3feb4">"The second guardians designated in the will were those people we saw earlier?"</p><p data-uid="eff0bc7d-8ea2-452b-b895-25e1d265c318">"Yes. My brother-in-law used to work at their factory. And up until then, my uncle...I mean, Mr. Jung Hak-Jae had treated him well or so I heard. Besides, Mr. Jung Hak-Jae is quite wealthy."</p><p data-uid="63509a03-0416-4a86-a09a-eaa9c5673e26">Yoo-Jin's uncle, Jung Hak-Jae, ran a small to medium-sized stationery manufacturing company called Hansol Stationery and was said to be fairly affluent.</p><p data-uid="06a25588-612a-426a-b6db-1ef7592d44e7"><em>'This is ridiculous. Miso's parents left such a will and yet they tried to send Miso to an orphanage?'</em></p><p data-uid="567b55c7-962a-47d4-8bfa-28dab3376844">I felt a burning anger in my chest.</p><p data-uid="8ffd7ad4-705b-42bd-8650-b8abf1093975">"So this wealthy family simply watched as their niece dropped out of college to juggle part-time jobs to raise a child? And now they have the audacity to show up with a will?"</p><p data-uid="f9cf1145-943e-4dcb-8538-8e6a10b52d4c">"Yes. They said they were worried because of my scandal and that they would take care of Miso."</p><p data-uid="723aab5d-3473-44d8-bf32-ce4b4f3ca288">Miso, who was in my arms, shook her head hard and exclaimed, "I want to live with Mom!"</p><p data-uid="5c630eef-c71b-4bf3-868f-0c072e633396">"Of course. I'm not going to send you anywhere. I want to live...</p>