---
title: "Chapter 545: Advertisement Cancellation Issue (4)"
weight: 545
---
<p data-uid="ab2d5514-fc56-494e-a62e-5ec329bba29a"><span>Gu Jin-Oh began to reveal the real reason he tried to snatch the Galactica commercial. "Truth is, I was pressured by the political world. They told me to give the Galactica commercial to Oh Joo-Hyun."</span></p><p data-uid="d2c2cc47-f7b2-4cbb-858b-49d40a1f97cd"><span>Sometimes, politicians asked large corporations to cast certain people as advertising models, but it was not really a request. Rather, it was pressure. If a company refused, they were summoned for a government audit or punished through the National Tax Service. For this reason, most businesspeople generally complied with such requests.</span></p><p data-uid="5016da91-a7fd-4d8e-bc92-075a3f7d1039"><span>Sung Yoon-Jae asked, "Who was the bastard that made that kind of request?"</span></p><p data-uid="b341ed89-bbe8-4ae8-9373-89cea98857bd"><span>"Assemblyman Lee Dae-Boong."</span></p><p data-uid="f1acd620-358f-47cf-be7f-3061074c7890"><span>Sung Yoon-Jae's face darkened. The name of a heavyweight assemblyman who had been elected four times in Gyeonggi-do came with serious weight.</span></p><p data-uid="fea7b9f9-222b-4d63-8c15-3a2c8aa3a54f"><span>"He's sponsoring a kid younger than his own daughter?"</span></p><p data-uid="7839727b-a43f-47f7-af40-e2caf2177e9b"><span>'<em>No wonder Oh Joo-Hyun acted so brazenly despite committing crimes. Now it all makes sense.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="7d0572f8-62d9-4cd4-9eaf-e1f4fb6ca0cf"><span>Even though he was an independent, someone like Lee Dae-Boong was still too much for a businessperson to deal with. He had a solid local base, meaning there was no risk of losing his seat, and if he joined the ruling party, he was more than qualified to be nominated for Gyeonggi Governor. Especially since Seven Star Electronics operated a massive assembly plant in Gyeonggi-do, he was definitely not an easy opponent.</span></p><p data-uid="f5611d2a-665b-4d4c-bea9-320fc78dc9ae"><span>Gu Jin-Oh said, "I wouldn't have accepted it under normal circumstances. It hurt my pride and made me furious, but what choice did I have? He pressured us using the new factory permits. There was no way out."</span></p><p data-uid="b08038eb-d2c4-4291-9a6a-b3ac8685cae8"><span>Sung Yoon-Jae drew a sharp line. "What do you mean there was no way out? You should've gone after Oh Joo-Hyun, not Lee Dae-Boong!...</span></p>