---
title: "Chapter 139: Contract (2)"
weight: 139
---
<p data-uid="37e647d3-44f7-4f8a-9798-10cca51591f4">"Miso, your mom got it wrong. I'm in charge of all the contracts in this company and I'll let you sign. Will you sign right here for me, Miso?"</p><p data-uid="dcdd7c1a-96b3-4fd3-a776-e3d8b13e7a4f">As Kwak Moo-Hyuk pointed to the blank space in the contract, Miso beamed a smile.</p><p data-uid="a6706cff-1b0d-43da-92f9-29b93f8d2caa">"Really?" Miso asked with a sparkle in her eyes.</p><p data-uid="3ef6fba5-3fa2-48c3-8c56-ff6c59bcd35d">"Of course~! Now, sign right over here. Make it big. That's how you become a celebrity of our company," Kwak Moo-Hyuk replied.</p><p data-uid="f40a877b-0c3e-4a7c-b758-c396958b3521">"Okay!" Miso exclaimed happily.</p><p data-uid="806637f0-91df-4416-bf22-d48b5b37acac">It turned out there was another fan of Miso besides Gu Seong-Cheol.</p><p data-uid="14fb42e2-614c-4571-bb43-9f285a9fb290">Kwak Moo-Hyuk pointed to a large blank space below the guardian section of the contract. "Can you write your name clearly here, Miso?"</p><p data-uid="71311be0-cdd2-487c-92cd-7c7c02a13513">"Yes!"</p><p data-uid="943b5168-a066-4071-8798-1a726d0ad5f3">Miso started to write her name carefully with her pen. "Jung~Mi~So. All done!"</p><p data-uid="13f4689a-1841-4f29-be01-7897c45e041a">Miso wiped her forehead with a satisfied expression after writing her name in large handwriting as if she had just completed a difficult task.</p><p data-uid="e37e4aa5-005b-4ffe-89fb-38eac2e8962d">At that moment, Kwak Moo-Hyuk presented two more contracts with a smile on his face. One was for company records and the other for notarization.</p><p data-uid="e2d329cc-ef0e-4a11-83a2-af7bee52fae3">"Miso, we need two more signatures. Here and here."</p><p data-uid="c3a931de-e8d8-465a-ab21-7da1a0d3b8d7">"Two more?"</p><p data-uid="de1ff3be-61e0-440c-acb1-2d36a74314f6">"Well, signing usually involves a total of three documents."</p><p data-uid="e7b23701-a526-47e2-abab-c4dfbe5966c5">"Okay! Then I'll write my name even better this time!" Miso responded as she nodded and wrote her name again in large letters with her pen with a cute design.</p><p data-uid="c6e605b6-17fb-4c6b-b034-a85e66b087d4">In the meantime, I filmed the whole process on video. "After...</p>