---
title: "Chapter 404: Choi Deok-Bae (2)"
weight: 404
---
<p data-uid="68bcda2a-ae4a-4ff1-960c-ee477738e29e"><span>"Deok-Bae, you have a younger sibling?" I asked.</span></p><p data-uid="b4faeb24-0d18-49d8-9e8c-d6a2488cb203"><span>"Yeah, but he's not my biological brother."</span></p><p data-uid="66bcf425-0dbe-4337-8b24-b14acad8ebb2"><span>"What... what do you mean?"</span></p><p data-uid="0c587f45-c15a-4f68-9988-0d3e9ac3aac1"><span>Deok-Bae hesitated for a moment before saying hesitantly, "Actually... I'm an orphan."</span></p><p data-uid="7de934d8-a096-47ec-b086-503c4d0dc3f2"><span>He explained that he had been abandoned without ever knowing his parents, and the adults in this neighborhood had raised him.</span></p><p data-uid="ece7f78c-c8fc-4d5c-b36d-96147a9ba56f"><span>At some point, a woman with a child had moved into the area, and they had lived like siblings since then. Unfortunately, that woman died tragically in an accident two years ago, leaving her son behind.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="3e5dd116-079b-4000-9649-b6e6df2b9795"><span>Now, Deok-Bae was raising her child as his younger brother. The boy's name was Choi Han-Ul, and he was a seven-year-old.</span></p><p data-uid="dde23e97-09d0-43f9-9cd3-0fea4e6cf76d"><span>When I asked Deok-Bae why he hadn't sent Han-Ul to an orphanage, he revealed a heart-wrenching story. The woman had pleaded with him before she died to never send her son to an orphanage, as she had grown up in one and endured every kind of hardship imaginable.</span></p><p data-uid="5f40aa79-84ea-4067-a784-f9eddb9c6795"><span>That sounded exactly like the Deok-Bae I knew—once he had made a promise, he would stick to it no matter what.</span></p><p data-uid="5530f203-f614-4d6e-9fce-99b48220ee78"><span>Nonetheless, this revelation only solidified my suspicion that something tragic would soon separate Deok-Bae from Han-Ul. Otherwise, Deok-Bae wouldn't have come to Hoop Entertainment all alone in my past life.</span></p><p data-uid="6c173515-2430-4fd4-9a47-ff0a48adbfa9"><span>'<em>So that's why he looked so hollow when I first met him.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="449d9cee-7c94-4b57-94bb-4727ba512c95"><span>I had assumed his gloomy expression came from a hard life. I finally understood the deeper story behind it.</span></p><p data-uid="d0dbad1f-afa8-4c11-b0c9-917409046c63"><span>'<em>I need to convince him to become a celebrity and meet his brother as soon as possi...</em></span></p>