---
title: "Chapter 1: Return D-30"
weight: 1
---
<p data-uid="65014854-95c5-4ee9-b5fd-0c61b7fdd4e2">Prologue</p><p data-uid="c54381c5-2a87-4ce1-bee6-60459db1e0f3">What would you do if you were given the chance to go back in time ten years?</p><ol><li><p data-uid="df31e870-1553-4577-a06b-b7d500bdc949">Win the lottery</p></li><li><p data-uid="c2c9e7be-5fd5-4ee9-9f29-7bf84ceb3480">Acquire stocks with prior knowledge and become rich</p></li><li><p data-uid="7eabda29-d359-4040-82f3-bd0389af39f2">Purchase Bitcoin at a low price</p></li><li><p data-uid="90a2ee1d-c835-46ce-a064-b022ab79eabe">Reverse the most regretful decision that you made</p></li></ol><p data-uid="d3939b19-1674-4c73-8eb3-957a6497c10d">If you chose one of the options, let me ask you another question.</p><p data-uid="b1e123cc-a7e0-4d0e-82a3-cf7a3fe4b2c3">If you chose option one, do you remember the number of the lottery ticket that won first place ten years ago?</p><p data-uid="5719ad6c-30f0-46c7-b7b9-f027fe617feb">Hm, I certainly don&rsquo;t.</p><p data-uid="b968747b-faab-476e-af2d-ba049c3deaad">Perhaps option two would have been the better option because even I know of a few companies whose stock prices are rising.</p><p data-uid="c7d87d71-4c09-4e24-a9aa-44f54fc597ce">What about option three, purchasing Bitcoin at a low price?</p><p data-uid="876bab39-9978-4828-940a-84cbe1ff0e6e">One could make a lot of money if the timing was right&mdash;but still, making money didn&rsquo;t give me much joy.</p><p data-uid="3bcc38cf-afa4-4c14-ae2c-2af69c94c772">In any case, I made a lot of money in my first life. However, that life was too painful and futile. Even though I did make a lot of money, I was never able to sleep in comfort after the day my life changed completely.</p><p data-uid="928cb080-0943-40f4-addb-2d06832a29bb">Therefore, when I was given the chance to go back in time, I chose option four.</p><p data-uid="774b379e-b019-429f-9856-ab29541ec1c1">Having returned to the past, I was given the chance to rechart my life&mdash;thanks to the planner containing the schedule of my future ten years, which returned to the past with me.</p><p data-uid="c62df6ea-9c57-40ce-b9ec-e7a462f88c9c">Thanks to this planner, I was able to see the impact of my actions on the future.</p><p data-uid="1ba0cdf0-3b08-4fb6-875e-f17b2d18b72a">Oh, but please don&rsquo;t get me wrong. Of course I&rsquo;m still going to make lots of money.</p><p data-uid="7323f6d1-bdcc-48c5-9f25-60396fc82c2d">This is my second life. Wouldn&rsquo;t it be weird if I failed to make money while doing the same work as in my past life?</p><p data-uid="bb0cbe15-7714-4ac5-b556-810dd0978fd8">Let me begin the story of the rookie talent agent who returned to his first year of work.</p><p data-uid="a399b490-be37-43f9-b9ae-68f235ddb76e">.</p><p data-uid="312252a7-7195-45b0-940d-e4b7f052f98e">.</p><p data-uid="82ee0a8e-2344-4f0b-957c-d8183ab52b05">.</p><p data-uid="29397bcf-bf28-42c7-a577-0d035b6ae795">Chapter 1: Return D-30</p><p data-uid="969996d4-620a-443a-9411-28c3d09be2d0"><br></p><p data-uid="fffaefc2-32c1-4331-8ee1-83f404120c2d">[Vice President of Top Entertainment: Jung Yoon-Ho]</p><p data-uid="d797bd4a-aae0-4dc8-ac1d-add224c62a9b"><br></p><p data-uid="eed9fcdb-c20b-4101-938b-acaf9d244be9">The appreciation plaques that filled one side of the shelf were engraved with my name in vivid silver color.</p><p data-uid="0a40ea76-6f8c-478d-b4e1-882453a3bdda"><br></p><p data-uid="c3695a4c-3c23-488b-8c78-94f925d387c6">[For contributing to the development of Korean movies&hellip;]</p><p data-uid="eef5cbbe-bb8e-47d8-9450-dde762df51fd">[For contributing to Korean idols&rsquo; overseas expansion&hellip;]</p><p data-uid="40435d30-7f58-44d1-a85c-08c9e1271c0b">[As an ambassador for K-pop&hellip;]</p><p data-uid="bd01b6e9-076a-486d-98fc-3754fc1d0075">[The youngest to promote the culture to&hellip;]</p><p data-uid="efeb1b79-afb6-4507-a19a-caa499bf1667"><br></p><p data-uid="2bad76c8-bd30-4c55-8c9b-c739b41e7829">I spoke to myself while reading the words written on the appreciation plaque.</p><p data-uid="3719233d-cb1a-4e78-a15a-cd47006181a7">&ldquo;Wow, Jung Yoon-Ho. You really did succeed.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="e705fd7d-03ab-4ef6-801c-9a081dde2f78">It had been ten years since I started working in the entertainment industry at the age of twenty-six. Not only had I become the vice president of Top Entertainment&mdash;the number one entertainment company in the industry&mdash; I had also married a top actress, Ju Yung-In.</p><p data-uid="4203f41f-c243-4633-b3f0-bcf1fb0848d5">Given the fact that I lived in Jamsil LT Tower overlooking the Han River, anyone would think that I lived a successful life.</p><p data-uid="71de67a8-42f2-4545-940e-e8748515b0d1">Yet, in spite of my apparent success, there had always been a void in my heart.</p><p data-uid="b5d5315f-0911-4015-b845-5d4b9e69b9b4">On that fateful day ten years ago, I lost the people precious to me by making a wrong choice in a moment.</p><p data-uid="3aa3c6be-f2dc-4bb2-a065-89eb6b509e87">&ldquo;<em>Sigh</em>&hellip;&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="e32371a1-fd14-45d0-bcc3-209ddfbd5a9a">I let out a deep sigh and shifted my gaze to the photo I had placed on one side of the shelf.</p><p data-uid="bd49752b-99ea-4306-a6d6-4ffa83a76ce6"><br></p><p data-uid="ae562bbc-3000-4da4-bb14-b0080691668d">[Hoop Entertainment&rsquo;s 7th Retreat.]</p><p data-uid="6d6c71b7-7f65-48b2-9676-f9e48cac1578"><br></p><p data-uid="f033d292-e39f-4fe2-a522-743bcee37556">Inside the red-colored frame was a photo of the employees and actors of Hoop Entertainment gathered around President Kang Gam-Chan, sporting bright smiles.</p><p data-uid="f79000b1-46f9-4789-9686-e5bdbc81ec28">&ldquo;That was such a good time&hellip;&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="66c315bd-ccbb-4302-be79-a0ea8f08ee39">Hoop Entertainment was the very first company I worked for. It was a company that valued the character of its actors, and the managers and the actors got along well like a family.</p><p data-uid="e399bd66-2e83-427b-8b39-3787ff9d7e48">However, three years after this photo was taken, Hoop Entertainment took a downturn.</p><p data-uid="b8aea2ea-f660-489a-b463-7d40df472763">President Kang Gam-Chan suffered a stroke and Kim Dong-Soo, the 3rd division talent chief at the time and the president of Top Entertainment now, left with eighty percent of the actors and staff, leaving the company in shambles.</p><p data-uid="d1107da7-0f87-45dd-b300-827fe7219596">I decided to leave Hoop Entertainment with Kim Dong-Soo and this was how Top Entertainment was created.</p><p data-uid="46a21565-d209-4d5d-8c08-dfe7110d73b0">Top Entertainment was starkly different from Hoop Entertainment.</p><p data-uid="4052eb80-0875-4469-8c9a-be9dfb61e114">Top Entertainment was infamous for its bad-tempered actors and indifference to scandals as long as the actors generated profit.</p><p data-uid="7fa5e04e-8ba8-446d-9cfb-22bf854ef95b">Consequently, I had no choice but to promote and train celebrities regardless of their character until I became the vice president.</p><p data-uid="2edc0027-821d-4f79-b760-c120641bff6a"><em>Flinch!</em></p><p data-uid="74e16990-f3db-4599-9dec-9c40d227c71d">A twinge of pain struck the upper part of my chest as if I&rsquo;d been stabbed when I recalled those old memories.</p><p data-uid="edc5a2cc-a9c6-4b1c-a921-e0c1964258e3">Recently, I had been suffering from chest pains whenever I was under even a little bit of stress.</p><p data-uid="547da4b0-ed0e-4407-a71c-dcd4ea8ebebc">&lsquo;<em>It&rsquo;s been a while since I last had a checkup because I was too busy. I should visit the hospital tomorrow.</em>&rsquo;</p><p data-uid="96683f7a-8b3b-405c-96d1-d0e1835596d7"><em>Buzz!</em></p><p data-uid="f3cc0b46-c88b-46e6-b765-6552e634a5b3">Suddenly, I received a notification of today&rsquo;s schedule from <em>Everyday</em>, a schedule management application that I had been using for ten years.</p><p data-uid="c895e403-1674-4ebc-88b2-f4d9cff8af62"><br></p><p data-uid="ccd4f0a9-df8d-4634-ab84-7414c23ebefa">[Everyday V10]</p><p data-uid="bd76dd3e-471c-4045-81dc-b4269a661828">[Date: November 12th, 2029]</p><p data-uid="27f600a8-f434-42fb-a216-9d8177713db0">[Current time: 04:30 AM, LT Tower(home)]</p><p data-uid="8635fe51-7c7e-4709-a85a-9abe19364ed5">-(Reserved schedule D-30: Bundang Memorial Park, Miso.)</p><p data-uid="24343fdf-2e2f-4ebd-844d-a44a64819216">-5:00 AM: Top Entertainment Conference Room (7F,) Hwangryong Film Association day meeting.</p><p data-uid="340bdb03-ca1b-4eec-a64b-5357c498f29d">-09:10 PM: Episode 11 of &lsquo;Top Star with My Hands.&rsquo; Min Gyu-Ri.</p><p data-uid="d50851a7-3a8b-4453-93c3-06b04418ee7f">&hellip;</p><p data-uid="da72074c-5fce-4b8c-8519-747245f74c93"><br></p><p data-uid="a4298925-0d6d-407a-8d61-a17a0f36785c">&ldquo;Is it already this late?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="86b0b0f8-71c8-4e3b-9f61-c2afe95b1a4f">It was 4:30 AM and I had a lot to prepare as today was the day of the Hwangryong Film Association meeting and I received a secret call from one of the executive members of the Hwangryong Film Association, whom I met at 11 PM last night.</p><p data-uid="cfabd21f-af76-4134-9091-d5d02bb12f6a"><br></p><p data-uid="c9c6755a-3c83-4f03-aec9-5856bc0adb15">&ldquo;Vice President Jung, I think a red dress would be perfect for Gyu-Ri&rsquo;s outfit tomorrow.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="fcb68226-c7dc-49e4-beaa-5ba95a69f1fe"><br></p><p data-uid="d951cb4c-18d0-42f7-a202-a2155f646adb">Min Gyu-Ri was the lead actress of the movie <em>The Best Bride,</em> which had garnered 8.33 million viewers this year.</p><p data-uid="557d7062-c227-45e0-92e5-7632150230a8">Top Entertainment had made a deal with the executive member to mention the color red if she was confirmed for the award for the best actress of the year.</p><p data-uid="4afe4979-7f1f-4965-84d1-d2e9ace38b23">Now that I had received the signal, it was my responsibility to ensure Min Gyu-Ri was prepared to receive this prestigious accolade, including having the best make-up and dress, fitting of her soon-to-be-crowned title. I also had to contact the reporters in advance to publish articles around noon with titles such as &lsquo;Min Gyu-Ri is the leading candidate for the best actress of the year.&rsquo;</p><p data-uid="1c668726-1174-4183-a438-478b2424c6b8">I was rushing to leave the house for work as I had made all my staff report to work an hour early to prepare for the award ceremony.</p><p data-uid="992428a6-9912-499b-a4df-8a30833d69bc"><em>Drag.</em></p><p data-uid="5ef8c1a6-029c-4bbb-8c07-29fb90efbb72">The sound of my slippers dragging against the floor could be heard as I rushed into the dressing room. I would have been worried about waking up my wife if she were in the bedroom, but she was not home yet.</p><p data-uid="7175ccef-c403-47c5-8573-57da151f243e">&ldquo;<em>Tsk.</em> I wonder who she&rsquo;s with at this time&hellip;&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="69180ab3-2de6-44be-ab08-422e6982b178">Right when I was about to call my wife, my phone rang.</p><p data-uid="df5fd670-56b0-4d97-928f-a2189dbcd47e"><br></p><p data-uid="17e08549-a108-42e6-9b00-bdc830d02ed6">[Caller: President Kim Dong-Soo]</p><p data-uid="baf6304f-6903-4093-8b7a-e8db13c788f7"><br></p><p data-uid="6054424c-9ba9-40c6-bc80-b7eb02e35f16">&ldquo;Huh? Why would Dong-Soo hyung call me at this hour?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="b6cf93b4-b8df-48dd-8e82-919fbe91012d">When I answered the phone, I heard Dong-Soo&rsquo;s urgent voice.</p><p data-uid="2af2934f-4fad-4a36-9a08-ad5748b48ad9">&ldquo;Yoon-Ho, we are in big trouble. Burp!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="93be0dc3-7281-419c-b61a-694a8f3d96e9">Dong-Soo hyung was stumbling over his words as if he had been drinking with the investors.</p><p data-uid="fc38cad5-56ff-4d9c-b081-ee7d2826b3ed">&ldquo;You always say that. What is it? What happened this time?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="8ca9fc0c-66ff-4a78-990a-d026e3d5d8a5">&ldquo;The reporters are after Gyu-Ri&rsquo;s sponsor scandal. They are going to publish articles early tomorrow morning!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="91b77783-77a9-44a9-95ad-392974b3d42c">&ldquo;What?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="d69ea1d8-40cf-420b-b155-ee43590b56d5">The situation was dire as Min Gyu-Ri was on the cusp of receiving a major award.</p><p data-uid="7b67d884-c7dd-4f63-aa35-d243ea8e85e8">I felt my face heat up with anger.</p><p data-uid="101a8d93-b807-4f95-83c2-c626adf464c9">&ldquo;Are you kidding me right now? I thought you said Gyu-Ri had no sponsor! What are you talking about all of a sudden!?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="a95588e9-2b6c-4280-b8a1-971d150547d2">&ldquo;Well, it happened, so do something about it. The party involved is someone high up. We will be in huge trouble if the reporters publish articles on it.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="cfb300b0-7287-4709-913d-08a83759f871">&ldquo;Who the heck is that high up? I have to know who that person is!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="b178370c-ed75-477a-8822-7b10b55d7cd5">&ldquo;Hey, do I have to explain everything to you? Just do what I tell you to do! Burp!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="4999a2e3-8299-419b-84e5-a918032f0833">The consequences of recruiting celebrities without considering their character were showing.</p><p data-uid="3b80e145-379e-4fe5-a54a-2658265e6f01">I felt like I was about to throw up, perhaps because of stress. I held on to my throbbing chest and caught my breath.</p><p data-uid="afb8dc2a-d597-4fea-9add-00941d85e759">&ldquo;<em>Huff, huff.</em> Okay, fine. How many reporters are after her?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="9c89a609-e271-4bc2-b032-d399479c9f91">&ldquo;Three. And they are&hellip;they are&hellip;&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="bac1ab1d-7ce2-49a9-be22-874af3408698">I comforted Dong-Soo Hyung, who was still drunk and rambling on, and checked the list of newspapers several times.</p><p data-uid="c2e0085e-ba0b-46b3-b32a-39ae6fa9152b">&ldquo;All right. I&rsquo;ll try my best to negotiate with them. I&rsquo;ll talk to you later.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="d2193067-e364-45d5-bf2e-0d9beb0b8520">&ldquo;You know the negotiation price, right?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="6fbba4d0-d873-4dbd-8e9b-a8b6b8cded6c">&ldquo;I know, I know. I&rsquo;m hanging up!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="9fb53478-dd76-43be-b61e-12f3b0143659">As soon as I hung up the phone call with Dong-Soo, I called the Managing Director Gu Ji-Suk, my right-hand man.</p><p data-uid="a5e6ff7e-9477-40f2-bb2e-4bc3c6e21bd6">&ldquo;Yes, Mr. Jung.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="00a31c29-7c17-4366-b789-48fe4b1b72ae">&ldquo;I&rsquo;m sorry, but I think I&rsquo;ll be late for today&rsquo;s meeting. You&rsquo;ll have to be in charge of Gyu-Ri&rsquo;s makeup, dress, and accessories&mdash;make sure they are top-notch. It seems like she will win a big award today.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="e375b692-b18a-4464-8587-12bee4626a91">&ldquo;Yes, Mr. Jung. What should I do about the reporters?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="daae780a-55ac-4953-b24b-a11fc1aef4c2"><em>Gulp.</em></p><p data-uid="985a05f8-d376-4b85-97dc-02af7ea1beef">My mouth went dry as I considered the ramifications of failing to prevent Min Gyu-Ri&rsquo;s sponsor scandal from being published.</p><p data-uid="08efee84-3724-4b18-a8ff-09c4630bd848">If I failed to block even one of the reporters, the news article would be replicated by every other entertainment newspaper company in less than an hour.</p><p data-uid="aeb475a2-892d-4326-ba6a-e841925fc8ac">&ldquo;Just wait until I call you back. I have to take care of some things first.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="6ca31d77-dfc0-490b-aed9-623084217294">Once I ended the call, I called the entertainment newspaper company Dong-Soo Hyung told me about.</p><p data-uid="cd644850-01b2-4d8a-bf40-48c61f10db3a">&lsquo;<em>Let the negotiation begin.</em>&rsquo;</p><p data-uid="80eb25a1-4e46-4aaf-bdd9-02ea6fbc62ff">&ldquo;Hello? Oh, yes. It&rsquo;s me&mdash;Jung Yoon-Ho from Top Entertainment. Yes. About the scandal the reporter Jung Sang-In is after&hellip; ah, come on. Don&rsquo;t come out so feisty right away. Why don&rsquo;t we go with the same as usual? One and a half?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="92e9d79d-8a3b-47a9-bd31-be88847b9c3d">One and a half meant paying them 150 million won.</p><p data-uid="55e0a4c2-1c81-4c1b-8de8-47bde846b950">But the other party answered in a cocky voice, &ldquo;Come on, Mr. Jung. You know that&rsquo;s not gonna do it. You&rsquo;re gonna have to give me at least two this time.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="3978ad3a-a7d4-4501-a483-4da96f7820ca">Such negotiations were a routine part of the entertainment industry&rsquo;s daily grind.</p><p data-uid="4166ac0e-b425-4703-915d-6c71bf8467a6" style="text-align: center;">***</p><p data-uid="51b132f6-b95d-4460-8452-a1e6a9043a80">Two of the three newspaper companies that were after Min Gyu-Ri&rsquo;s sponsor scandal were easily convinced to drop the scandal, with <em>Celebrity Today</em> receiving 200 million won and <em>Bling Bling Celebrity</em> getting 250 million won. Their articles would now focus on &lsquo;Min Gyu-Ri&rsquo;s <em>Happy Day</em>&rsquo; and &lsquo;Min Gyu-Ri wins Hwangryong Film Association&rsquo;s best actress award.&rsquo;</p><p data-uid="da604564-a3ec-43fd-9516-2383c67f983a">&ldquo;Jung Yoon-Ho, you really changed a lot&hellip;&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="3a4b040d-5f9d-4983-93df-8d8d14026962">I used to hate making these kinds of deals. But what can I do? If I don&rsquo;t make these deals, all my efforts in raising these celebrities would go down the drain.</p><p data-uid="afb95c91-89ec-4e5b-a73c-44689f5c142b">Anyway, there was only one newspaper company left to convince&mdash;<em>Weekly Stars</em>.</p><p data-uid="732c5169-65c9-459c-8a50-3745df1af4b2">I managed to speak to the editor-in-chief, but the reporter Gu Min-Ji, who had the photo, wasn&rsquo;t responding to the deal.</p><p data-uid="56ea1b40-333c-455e-bc70-939d26722750">Hence, I had no choice but to visit her personally.</p><p data-uid="65d62408-4068-461b-bed9-e9d435532ea1"><em>Screech!</em></p><p data-uid="54dbbc39-1b62-44fa-826b-0ec2d82a708b">I parked my car in front of the garage of an expensive-looking two-story house in Cheongdam-dong that looks quite expensive.</p><p data-uid="8c2466a8-6f32-4618-86e3-314256480e94">&ldquo;<em>Phew!</em> What a nice house.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="70f5ce12-4d94-4779-8e95-ef24131f7bc8">Gu Min-Ji used to be the leader of the girl group Pink Diamonds until a few years ago. She was now a reporter known for being pretty and stubborn.</p><p data-uid="cb41addc-9e36-42df-94f6-980ecc3a868b">After waiting for about five minutes, I heard the engine sound coming from the garage.</p><p data-uid="6ef4e528-a8c2-4eba-b154-09db631ed690"><em>Buzz.</em></p><p data-uid="152bd462-f7cb-4cbf-8c37-7d3af0e85f3a">When the garage door opened, a fancy 2030 Pork Cheyenne came out but stopped as the driver noticed my parked car.</p><p data-uid="cdebe8c7-f562-4783-8f96-31b1ca99c797"><em>Screech!</em></p><p data-uid="72a3d015-e044-42de-84db-f3dbb75347c5">Gu Min-Ji stopped her car and got out of the driver&rsquo;s seat while shaking off her wet hair.</p><p data-uid="28f09da9-f8e6-464f-b76b-df95b9fb8828">&ldquo;What do you think you are doing right now? Get out of my way right now and&hellip;&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="687b5357-b5a8-474b-a710-6238e8200db5">&ldquo;Hello. How are you doing, Miss Gu?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="a45d09c7-de1f-42cb-87e4-1a7bb4283b39">Gu Min-Ji frowned at my greeting.</p><p data-uid="e0dbe2ce-797c-42c8-a93f-07aa97b15658">&ldquo;Hmph, it&rsquo;s you, Mr. Jung. I&rsquo;m kind of busy right now, so I&rsquo;ll see you some other time. Please move your car right away.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="fa0e5844-b974-48d5-9c37-fb14e89ef93c">&ldquo;Please give me a minute. Why don&rsquo;t we grab a cup of coffee? I heard you like this?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="52f34e44-fb8e-4368-8129-69231a805383">When I handed over her favorite Astrobucks double-shot cafe latte, she accepted it with unease.</p><p data-uid="e611f747-98d1-404d-99e7-abac1452305e">&ldquo;I&rsquo;ll take it only because you came all the way here. But the only time I can give you is until I finish this drink.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="e69e07ba-b997-427e-b384-fa923bc3d351">&ldquo;Thank you. In fact&hellip;&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="823b59a5-501a-41a7-8928-7543166b18ef">I managed to start the conversation somehow, but Gu Min-Ji soon burst into a cold laugh.</p><p data-uid="37219aff-bf2a-454d-9184-ae450372e7f4">&ldquo;We are both busy, so why don&rsquo;t we get straight to the point? You want me to give up Min Gyu-Ri&rsquo;s sponsor scandal, right? You are planning to offer about 500 million won in return?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="38e3af04-e1ef-4b77-93ad-7949daeb51cf">&ldquo;Wow, Reporter Goo. You should be a prophet, not a reporter.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="97bff3a4-5e6c-4556-b20a-7846bceb5c28">&ldquo;Give up. If the desk stops my article, I&rsquo;m going to pass it over to the board of directors. To put it simply, you can&rsquo;t stop this, Mr. Jung. Not even your grandfather can stop this.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="6beacb6b-b061-401c-a03a-d0a7fe57e6e4">&ldquo;Come on. Let&rsquo;s not do this, Reporter Gu. I promise to take special care of you from now on. I&rsquo;ll hand over a pretty good article for you to publish too.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="a93d6d6c-4874-4d9b-b9c1-9a04e847abeb">What I meant by taking special care of her was to pay her extra money without the knowledge of others.</p><p data-uid="07d4691e-5b2d-4af6-98a7-3ecef36e3f05">But Reporter Gu Min-Ji shook her head in a stubborn manner.</p><p data-uid="be7d66a1-acaa-4bc7-9b8b-7c1251668e2b">&ldquo;Don&rsquo;t you understand what I just said? I said no!&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="825be911-ba6b-4b8c-abef-9668d83bbe29">&lsquo;<em>She usually accepts my offer, so why not today? Is there something behind the scenes that I don&rsquo;t know about?</em>&rsquo;</p><p data-uid="06357562-541b-47d1-a0ce-32dcbaec65b8">In this case, I had no choice but to use my last resort even if I didn&rsquo;t want to.</p><p data-uid="ad700df0-f68d-4437-82cf-6b6d2f48d502">Being absolutely clueless about what I was thinking, Gu Min-Ji shook her coffee cup and laughed out loud.</p><p data-uid="e6f134d0-f2f1-4b73-94fa-1b195b792608">&ldquo;Miss A actually won the best actress at the Hwangryong Film Association with the power of her sponsor. What do you think about this title? Damn. I came up with it myself, but it&rsquo;s so good. Don&rsquo;t you think so?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="6564c12c-ef18-45ad-aad3-b8041d752254">The cold wind chilled her coffee and Gu Min-Ji drank the remaining coffee in one gulp.</p><p data-uid="e475932a-d9f8-4423-8c0a-ddfea5e5e0dc">&lsquo;<em>I bought a venti size, but that was a mistake. I should have brought it in a tumbler.</em>&rsquo;</p><p data-uid="df2c68c4-086a-420b-9a94-84028f7ada78">&ldquo;Thank you for the coffee. I&rsquo;ll see you later then. Good luck with taking care of the mess.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="7985155c-c277-4349-b749-8543f72f38fb">I let out a deep sigh and pulled out my phone.</p><p data-uid="b2b01f4f-bce2-4f8c-b58d-717a5637f743">&ldquo;Reporter Gu. You can leave if you want, but you might wanna check this out before you do.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="c1f4eca6-3cb5-4a96-a4af-c5dddda16ce5">Gu Min-Ji, who was just about to get in her car, turned pale upon seeing my phone screen.</p><p data-uid="053bd22d-b945-446b-8bb1-292c245025d0">&ldquo;W-where did you get this photo&hellip;?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="44dd2d95-e57e-499c-8fd6-0173d04a7f97">What I showed her was the confidential file related to the entertainment industry that Dong-Soo hyung had sent me.</p><p data-uid="7e0b4b3c-4353-4244-b41b-488a391068ea"><br></p><p data-uid="0f70f2e9-d3e6-413c-a1bd-eb9cf1f12b70">[Reporter Gu Min-Ji&mdash;Confidential File]</p><p data-uid="27409992-ecc0-4151-9506-853f40936103">-Content: Affair with Jang Min-Ki of Jungin Inc.</p><p data-uid="efc14c84-2224-4d4f-bb48-f39795df5cf0">-Reference file: 1. Yokohama Hotel (photo) 2. Bali Villa (photo.)</p><p data-uid="f30ba758-88b1-45b9-8845-a4609f5496c1"><br></p><p data-uid="0e477ebe-bb52-4ef9-ba18-d9bd0f0c3b2d">Upon seeing Gu Min-Ji&rsquo;s perplexed and furious face, I felt a tinge of shame for resorting to such tactics.</p><p data-uid="c3c9f978-4d0d-4d03-a892-6d66a3de2ced">&lsquo;<em>Did I become a talent agent to do this?</em>&rsquo;</p><p data-uid="d4220110-a727-4a0a-91a0-2c270734c112">Nonetheless, I maintained a poker face.</p><p data-uid="db173136-3f74-41e5-9a13-cf45e7482813">&ldquo;Let&rsquo;s not do this. Karma is a real thing, you know?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="6dd99b39-8bbb-4ac7-af3b-1e84872adf50">&ldquo;You fucking bastard.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="624d4438-02cd-4927-8e68-19d5485125b7">&lsquo;<em>Wow. She&rsquo;s so good at cursing.</em>&rsquo;</p><p data-uid="0eaece19-9e47-484b-8c82-6061ae15913f"><em>Fwoosh!</em></p><p data-uid="5f26967c-213f-4109-b1ef-2d467c049ed9">At that moment, Gu Min-Ji reached out her right arm and tried to snatch my phone but I dodged it with ease, causing her to become more infuriated.</p><p data-uid="8d01f586-73be-4ce0-8615-c5c548dc3615">&ldquo;Delete that right now. Do you think Min-Ki will leave you alone if he finds out?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="d9515635-1928-4489-8511-4a15d01e6ea6">&ldquo;I have no idea what kind of person he is, but I know very well what kind of person President Kim Dong-Soo is. I actually came back from convincing him not to hand over these photos to a different newspaper company.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="0ddab6cf-c9ab-480b-ae1f-8f04dfe088d2">Gu Min-Ji glared at me and trembled, but not because of the chilly winter dawn.</p><p data-uid="42ea5b6b-6d98-45e9-8a46-64751ca5f9a0">&lsquo;<em>She must have stabbed me a few hundred times in her head&hellip;</em>&rsquo;</p><p data-uid="3c7c57bb-904d-4605-97b0-c177f3ee6f97">&ldquo;I could have thrown Min Gyu-Ri, that bitch, down the cliff for good this time&hellip;&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="2d769210-ddee-4b32-82dc-9abc3af4d44e">It seemed like she and Min Gyu-Ri used to have some beef between them when the former used to be in the entertainment industry.</p><p data-uid="9fba6cf1-b37f-48f2-aa63-b70e35277092">Gu Min-Ji bit her lips in annoyance.</p><p data-uid="2d3c6b33-cf1d-4ad5-b3ff-4b9a9bcbdb39">She then begrudgingly picked up her phone to call someone.</p><p data-uid="0518f8b7-907d-45b3-b0ef-56c6d934fc7d">&ldquo;Yes, Editor-in-Chief. I think we should accept the negotiated price for this article. 500 million won, yes. Yes&hellip;I had no choice. Yes, I&rsquo;ll explain more later. Okay.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="16e7dd23-2bf6-47b6-85bf-ad8e7a463b72">Judging by how the conversation seemed to be going on smoothly, Dong-Soo hyung had probably made a deal with the editor-in-chief again.</p><p data-uid="177f3160-83b3-4d48-aa5e-49a80bfb72f8">At that moment, I flinched. My chest had begun to ache again.</p><p data-uid="200d1df8-1f68-4f1a-b7f6-5862f85afee1">&lsquo;<em>Damn it. I&rsquo;ll really have to go to the hospital tomorrow.</em>&rsquo;</p><p data-uid="28c10270-abbd-4ac5-a0de-47add00f1938">Gu Min-Ji finished the phone call and frowned at me.</p><p data-uid="d56da980-70e3-48c1-b0d5-d22377d31d8b">&ldquo;Mr. Jung. Isn&rsquo;t it hard to live a life where you constantly have to clean up after other people&rsquo;s mess?&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="e4d15251-2825-4f44-9658-1d757da41ce2">&lsquo;<em>You think? I feel like my lifespan is getting shorter every time I clean up the shit left behind by the celebrities in my company&rsquo;.</em>&rsquo;</p><p data-uid="edc112f6-e62e-41cc-978f-87c320175bf8">But I answered as if it didn&#39;t bother me.</p><p data-uid="db39e902-1d71-4d65-a702-9feef49a168b">&ldquo;I&rsquo;m glad we made a good deal. One of our staff will deliver my gift to your house very soon.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="51bd95e5-f80e-4daa-9557-4e9a030e054b">When I turned around after speaking, I heard Gu Min-Ji&rsquo;s sharp voice from behind.</p><p data-uid="24cc1800-dcda-4525-b8b4-bc40495882fb">&ldquo;Hmph! You should do some housework instead of cleaning up after your celebrities. I heard bad rumors about your family, Mr. Jung.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="95260601-8567-4e10-bedd-93f5b366373f">I tried to ignore her, but the content of her remark was a hard one to disregard.</p><p data-uid="e1f643eb-c3e7-46f3-b3c8-73b7354d7294">&ldquo;The secret private life of actress Ju Yung-In&hellip;or should I say the wife of Midas&rsquo; Touch Jung Yoon-Ho? What do you think? Either way, it sounds interesting enough to be the title of the year-end special article.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="0e400c9a-4c58-4f79-8f9e-32a2f7bbe484">I could feel the vein in my forehead pulsating, but I knew that entertainment reporters were true aces when it came to pushing people&rsquo;s buttons.</p><p data-uid="1d51970c-acf1-4fcb-bf73-7839e3c8d592">I tried to tell her to stop talking nonsense, but not a single word came out of my mouth.</p><p data-uid="dc5d5200-a0fb-4193-a4f1-0e6341c20df6">I couldn&rsquo;t move an inch, as if my entire body had frozen.</p><p data-uid="a811e017-6621-43a8-8621-1cef0fc0d3a7">&lsquo;<em>What&rsquo;s going on?</em>&rsquo;</p><p data-uid="c82568d2-b518-467e-8241-5706d174520e">&ldquo;Hahaha. Have a good day, then. One day, I&rsquo;ll make sure to drag down Min Gyu-Ri, that bitch. Hopefully, I&rsquo;ll bring you and that asshole Kim Dong-Soo down as well. Hahaha.&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="0cca886c-f13b-44af-bfca-714f8359e266">Gu Min-Ji poured out a curse and drove past me.</p><p data-uid="f53057c8-1d69-4a8d-9fa4-fd7d60d29a48">At that moment, I began to feel nauseous and sick to my stomach.</p><p data-uid="8c9046bb-9e25-43ee-bd34-698c9e98e359">&ldquo;<em>Blergh!</em>&rdquo;</p><p data-uid="8abe170d-31d3-4328-9d19-87ac1a589218">I vomited all over the ground, but the color of my vomit was different from usual&mdash;it was dark red rather than brown.</p><p data-uid="1fc3a2ee-57f7-4aac-93d9-e9e11f5bdb8c">Then, I had a terrible headache and my vision began to blur.</p><p data-uid="d747ecc4-202d-4ad8-a14e-5d4bac2977fb"><em>Thud!</em></p><p data-uid="95e77b80-4ab1-41dc-bfa2-62d2896fdd51">The moment I hit my head against the ground, I began to lose consciousness.</p><p data-uid="acd72119-6f4c-459a-8f4e-e63346afcf11">The asphalt ground on a cold day in November was colder than I had expected.</p><p data-uid="d0ca995d-6ba6-4593-a8e6-3a2d0258780d">I could hear someone screaming and the 119 sirens in the distance as my consciousness faded away.</p><p data-uid="ae7b9d20-004d-4638-880d-5bd53caf15cf">Soon, my vision turned dark.</p><hr/><blockquote><b>Translator's Thoughts</b></blockquote>