---
title: "Chapter 199 Haru Vs Woo Sung-Chan (4)"
weight: 199
---
<p data-uid="4900dfe6-0f26-4c0e-a5c1-23062e6d68ef"><span>I gathered information about the victims who had been harmed by Woo Sung-Chan at Apgujeong Hanjeongsik Haero, with the help of attorney Kim Chan-Sung, the personal lawyer of Lee Ji-Yeon.</span></p><p data-uid="9c988926-b1a2-4126-8710-990bf1c9f61d"><span>Because Woo Sung-Chan was from the same company, I needed to remain anonymous which was why I sought out Kim Chan-Sung's assistance.</span></p><p data-uid="690260a8-9827-4b7b-a6c8-d4a8143e97f6"><span>Acting on my request, Kim Chan-Sung investigated Woo Sung-Chan's school life and collected about 100 pages of A4 documents regarding seven victims over the past three years and handed them to me.</span></p><p data-uid="85482ca7-7347-44c2-bb69-4990d80d6b0e"><span>Currently, I was meeting with Choi So-Hye with that information.</span></p><p data-uid="f97123e4-d189-45ef-94f5-37ac338bc2f8"><span>As Woo Sung-Chan had recently gained recognition by appearing as a supporting actor, Choi So-Hye began to show keen interest.</span></p><p data-uid="db0e02f8-2caf-41b8-a851-e9679a1935f8"><span>"Woo Sung-Chan is the eldest son of Woo Sun-Jae, the owner of the best Hanjeongsik restaurant in Jamsil, right?" Choi So-Hye asked.</span></p><p data-uid="d4b962ab-4d99-4091-88e5-d8580b4b8fe5"><span>I nodded. "That's right."</span></p><p data-uid="a13768c2-ad17-4d0b-8224-68a55975d3b2"><span>The moment I saw Choi So-Hye's eyes sparkle, a thought crossed my mind.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="f788d075-17fe-4466-b2d0-a1da08d5c571"><span>"Noo-nim, were you already investigating that place by any chance?"</span></p><p data-uid="a9967974-a5ca-4420-9690-b4f3984ed99a"><span>"Yes, I was about to dig into that place anyway. Those scoundrels selectively used their ingredients based on the type of customers, you know?"</span></p><p data-uid="43cf2450-046c-4389-bb18-bf957388c3af"><span>Woo Sun-Jae, the top Hanjeongsik restaurant in Jamsil, was a famous establishment that had been passed down through three generations.</span></p><p data-uid="17cab821-343b-4d62-9aec-5130b0d6b193"><span>However, there have been reports that they used high-quality ingredients for influential people like VIPs, power bloggers, and well-known Instargem stars, while serving lower-quality ingredients to other customers.</span></p><p data-uid="d50e266e-5f5e-4f54-ba48-d8f336317fa8"><span>It was easy to guess where Woo Sung-Chan...</span></p>