---
title: "Chapter 114: Winter After Spring? (3)"
weight: 114
---
<p data-uid="fba1c3ea-e4ae-4922-9583-248502729a05">On Saturday, the entire cast of <em>Blue Sky</em> gathered at the studio of SBC's popular variety show, <em>Speak Up</em>. <em>Speak Up</em> was a popular talk show that delved into behind-the-scenes stories from film sets that were usually not heard by the public and boasted an impressive average viewership rating of 17%.</p><p data-uid="6caa6cd2-0c08-40b8-b34e-5802215018a9">Oh Duk-Gu frowned and gave a warning as he reviewed the script, "Yoon-Ho, let's be on our guard today. We might encounter some unexpected situations."</p><p data-uid="3a7ae231-6795-4f6d-9087-4222d6135e32">As usual, the variety show script was filled with provocative questions designed to boost viewership ratings. The questions ranged from standard inquiries about cosmetic surgery for female actresses to attempts at creating romantic storylines between actors and actresses.</p><p data-uid="e71f6308-f797-4812-b8bd-56f3eea89b9c">"The questions seem quite intense," I commented.</p><p data-uid="89bfa235-dcf5-4951-802f-656bae061e28">"That's why I think we need to talk to the PD and adjust some of them," replied Oh Duk-Gu.</p><p data-uid="a9b152d4-c9fc-4181-84f4-27c1e3d7754b">Scripts often underwent spontaneous changes in the variety department, where viewership ratings held paramount importance, even more so than in the drama department. However, sticking to the script could potentially reignite dating rumors between Yoo-Jin and Choi Jong-Hyuk.</p><p data-uid="27a71075-f592-4923-ac42-5fb932876436">Oh Duk-Gu approached the PD, who was checking the cue sheets next to an EFP camera, to express his concerns. However, PD Choi Yoon-Cheol seemed annoyed and dismissively waved his hand, leaving...</p>