---
title: "Chapter 810: Election Campaign Song (1)"
weight: 810
---
<p data-uid="6376683c-d54c-47f0-9cc5-18936a28a265"><span><span>"Both the ruling and opposition parties sent people?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="205cf07d-289b-4f0f-a728-9ebd82128df2"><span><span>Both Park Sang-Gon from the ruling party and Choi Soo-Ho from the opposition had tried to kill Chairman Choi Eun-Tae. So it was no surprise neither party had come knocking during campaign season to ask for a song. And yet, with just ten days left before the election, they were here.</span></span></p><p data-uid="fcd53640-b668-45fa-a8f6-2632d772b709"><span><span>The nerve of it was almost impressive. Although, I heard the opposition hadn't come directly from Choi Soo-Ho but from the office of the deputy party leader.</span></span></p><p data-uid="86ba6a1c-6f9d-4285-985a-55d74d05b875"><span><span>Lee Dong-Min answered, "Yeah. Both parties are saying their current campaign songs aren't working, so they want to switch tracks while they still can."</span></span></p><p data-uid="2f0008ad-7787-49e2-bf0b-5aae168754b5"><span><span>"Did Mr. Kang say anything? Like, maybe he's not going to approve the request?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="aae093eb-2025-498e-9ca9-252a25bf44fb"><span><span>"No, nothing like that. When the aides asked where you were, he just told me to go find you."</span></span></p><p data-uid="c73d2180-c474-4cf2-b54c-37e8bc21b9f7"><span><span>No matter how much they demanded it, they couldn't use a campaign song without the copyright holder's permission. In this case, if Kang Gam-Chan said no, both parties would be out of luck. And knowing Kang Gam-Chan, I assumed he would want to stay out of politics altogether. I thought he would reject both. After all, the party leaders in question had tried to kill Choi Eun-Tae.</span></span></p><p data-uid="4fde49a7-0205-405d-8ed4-2d275eca8f9c"><span><span>It was a little strange, but Kang Gam-Chan wasn't someone who acted without reason. So I decided to follow his lead for now.</span></span></p><p data-uid="889ae3e0-bfff-4cac-8e3b-ffba398353b7"><span><span>"Understood. Fine, I'll meet with them. But what song are they asking for?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="148d9619-ad15-4ec0-bb2b-5770958fbffa"><span><span>"Both sides want 'IDOLS'."</span></span></p><p data-uid="405255c4-aeb4-4e95-a1a7-bddea35e7ed9"><span><span>"What? Not 'Hurry Up!' but 'IDOLS'?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="24b7e9f4-f893-42ed-b2f9-57c94a33dd16"><span><span>Usually, campaign songs were well-known, instantly recognizable hits. But 'IDOLS' had only just come out two weeks ago as the theme for </span><em><span>Project I.O.A....</span></em></span></p>