---
title: "Chapter 184: In The Name Of God Press Conference (2)"
weight: 184
---
<p data-uid="5e122630-4c69-4239-922d-396393817bf5"><em>Murmur.</em></p><p data-uid="1d5fa42d-445a-4826-a997-a3d3aa742f09">The press conference venue was filled with numerous entertainment reporters, about 100 in number.</p><p data-uid="1d12bd00-f7fa-4635-8786-4b9e4ea13595">Carefully looking at the faces, all the gathered reporters were those whom Kim Sung-Woon had carefully selected. I had also sent him a list of reporters with bad reputations in advance.</p><p data-uid="2f175c36-08fd-485b-89ba-7fe2b3d22e46">It was unusual for a supporting actor's talent agent to ask a director to screen reporters. But because I had helped to prevent a disaster by revealing the financial troubles of the original production company, Red Moon, Kim Sung-Woon gladly accepted my suggestion.</p><p data-uid="73bcc2bf-108f-4bd1-a5b2-29f63da9c9eb">But there sat Reporter Kang Ill-Gu from 'Star Patch,' brazenly in attendance, even though he was on the no-entry list with a name tag that said Choi Tae-Yung.</p><p data-uid="c77da81f-6bdf-4d3d-a15b-eeee06d210cc">'<em>That guy really knows how to play dirty,</em>' I thought to myself.</p><p data-uid="b2d196be-ad12-4078-b02f-17f84d1135f5">Kang Ill-Gu's nickname was Leech. Once he targeted someone, he would cling on tenaciously and drain them, hence the nickname.</p><p data-uid="e52368c2-6dfd-4026-b94d-97fd26736d9d">I pondered, '<em>What should I do? He's bound to ask uncomfortable questions.</em>'</p><p data-uid="6ebedec1-dd77-48b4-adf2-a67f7ea1175c">Kim Sung-Woon and the production team were already on stage, so it was not possible to speak to them.</p><p data-uid="27e4da1c-bf8b-4228-8915-860e6edc35db">But then a way to block Kang Ill-Gu's questions flashed through my mind.</p><p data-uid="c10ac1af-40da-4567-8a6f-c037a263674f">At that moment, I quickly moved toward the bottom of the stage.</p><p data-uid="cd25dc5c-006b-4c58-8b85-d4050732d2df" style="text-align: center">***</p><p data-uid="134a938c-ce16-4100-90a0-57cc31136889"><em>Flash, flash!</em></p><p data-uid="b7e63e48-2203-4852-8342-7c635c9794d5">The photo zone was crowded with many reporters continuously pressing their shutters.</p><p data-uid="2eeae33a-e536-4b19-ba71-9a08d9940b75">I approached MC Kim Jung-Ju under the stage, who was waiting for the photo time to en...</p>