---
title: "Chapter 667: Counterattack (1)"
weight: 667
---
<p data-uid="73cbe739-f223-45a5-a27d-a6128acc0749"><span>Kang Ji-Yung was currently in discussions with CEO Hiroshi at AMOSE's headquarters to switch Japanese partners. However, just as the negotiation was progressing well, Hiroshi apparently said to continue the discussion once I arrived.</span></p><p data-uid="47ad8091-66e7-43ed-a390-cd8149533b2a"><span>"You mean he won't keep negotiating unless I go?"</span></p><p data-uid="68def92c-be7b-4405-9872-db7c25c0820f"><span>-No. When we mentioned a joint concert centered around Cherry Blossom, he said further talks must happen with you, Chief Jung.</span></p><p data-uid="78aa557e-78a2-4787-9f10-33dd80b44e80"><span>From what I remembered, Hiroshi was a master negotiator. That meant something we proposed didn't sit well with him.</span></p><p data-uid="d719faf8-3f1e-4228-94b9-8dddf99ce79b"><span>"Understood. I'll head over immediately. <em>Oh,</em> by the way, would it be alright if I brought Mrs. Suzuki of A1 Entertainment with me?"</span></p><p data-uid="1e5e4deb-4b92-4b65-beb5-650bccfd5dee"><span>-Of course.</span></p><p data-uid="02d0a880-0fc9-4350-977b-9fe86f16ea98"><span>"And just a moment ago, I informed Aris Production of the termination of our business partnership. But I think there might be some loose ends to tie up."</span></p><p data-uid="026cf448-f7dc-43f2-aebf-d6d31fcb58fe"><span>I told Kang Ji-Yung what had happened with Tanaka and Choi Man-Sik. Since the contract with Aris Production had already been decided for termination, she simply responded that she understood.</span></p><p data-uid="038919d8-e41a-44c1-8b82-551531eb45bc"><span>-Got it. Let's finish up here first before handling the rest.</span></p><p data-uid="461075a3-58fe-4805-94d3-72ce28f40559"><span>"Okay. Then I'll leave right away."</span></p><p data-uid="716102cd-eaa1-4e44-aa75-c648479e06f9"><span>Kang Ji-Yung returned to the meeting room to gauge Hiroshi's stance further and hung up. Then I left the club with Suzuki. I wondered if&nbsp; Cha Sang-Jin might be waiting at the entrance, but he had already left with Choi Man-Sik.</span></p><p data-uid="ee8d3213-e77b-4535-8e85-f54e9dec1013"><span>I got into the car driven by Suzuki and headed to AMOSE, located in the same Shibuya area.</span></p><p data-uid="963e8b85-f310-41e6-94d0-711a409625a5" style="text-align: center"><span>***</span></p><p data-uid="ff9a2ead-8425-4ab9-9d76-e4a88f17f4e4"><span>Choi Man-Sik and Tanaka, who had just left club SIBUYA55, moved to one of Tanaka's regular clubs nearby with Cha Sang-Jin and Chief Secretary Yang Ji-Hoon. It...</span></p>