---
title: "Chapter 629: Missing (4)"
weight: 629
---
<p data-uid="93e84f64-cc7e-4e98-9b54-aeceab2cea93"><span>Because Comfort Orphanage in Gwacheon City was a large orphanage built on a plot of about 500 pyeong, I could spot multiple weak points in security even at a glance.</span></p><p data-uid="3eaeef3e-641c-46f3-bf71-dbed92712fb2"><span>There seemed to be at least three or four holes in the fence, and the walls weren't high enough to prevent someone from climbing over during the night unnoticed. Especially considering last night's heavy rain, it must have been difficult to monitor anything.</span></p><p data-uid="f5eda158-e7e2-4264-aeb7-c48128db317b"><span>In this situation, I couldn't blame anyone for losing track of the child. After all, no one would think the orphanage director is someone so negligent he wouldn't even do bed checks.</span></p><p data-uid="017c58cd-72fd-4360-98e3-ac178a1f0823"><span>I drove past the orphanage entrance and into the wide empty lot next to it. It seemed to serve as a parking area, as several cars were already parked. One of them was the Binz S-Class that Lee Soo-Chan drove. I parked next to his car and got out.</span></p><p data-uid="46750add-070c-4cd3-a643-3f077d467c4c"><span>Lee Soo-Chan stepped out of the driver's seat and approached with an umbrella. Lee Ho-Jae followed behind him. I opened the car door and had both of them get in.</span></p><p data-uid="8727965b-5287-4d67-997e-87da4b871a0a"><span>As soon as Lee Soo-Chan sat in the passenger seat, he bowed his head. "Hyung-nim, I'm really sorry."</span></p><p data-uid="b704383f-e42b-4eb9-882b-2f2af0651bbf"><span>Lee Ho-Jae, who got in the back seat, bowed as well. "This was our mistake."</span></p><p data-uid="9a870aed-c268-45b2-afe5-1b5fbdb35726"><span>I patted Lee Soo-Chan on the shoulder and said, "It's fine. This wasn't your main job. I only asked you for a favor. And no one expected the director wouldn't even do a bed check. Really, it's okay. Lift your heads."</span></p><p data-uid="f91087fc-5805-421f-8087-2305c5e923b6"><span>I hadn't expected Lee Jun-Sung to disappear so soon either, so it wasn't anyone's fault....</span></p>