---
title: "Chapter 685: We Are Friends, Aren'T We? (2)"
weight: 685
---
<p data-uid="e412bfaa-d3fe-49cb-940e-52a1ca2fb7e4"><span>Around this time before the regression, Sae-Ri's friends Shin Hyo-Joo and Shin Hyo-Ri were already part of Oasis Entertainment. And in June of that same year, they even debuted as members of a girl group called Mirage.</span></p><p data-uid="9a0f2d43-b130-430a-a71c-76e075cd680b"><span>The two became a hot topic right from their debut thanks to their actor-like looks and the novelty of being fraternal twins. But because their vocals and dance skills didn't match their visuals, they only enjoyed a short-lived burst of popularity before disappearing from the spotlight.</span></p><p data-uid="9d6d77d3-49a8-49b2-a5e3-2ebfc992a3f5"><span>However, a year later, both of them found huge success as actresses and became top stars. That was because they had innate talent for acting. But that was when their tragedy began.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="3ef0b65c-7aec-4ef5-8e52-17098d8f39bc"><span>Oasis Entertainment, being gang-affiliated, used their popularity to squeeze every last bit of money out of them by overloading them with schedules. As a result, the two were forced to do overlapping shoots for different dramas and appear in every single commercial, which led to the public turning on them and accusing them of being greedy.</span></p><p data-uid="79278f2f-44f7-41a4-a8cd-97bff050ea0b"><span>Then three years later, unable to take it anymore, the two sisters appeared on a live episode of KBC's <em>Good Morning, Hooray! </em>and exposed Oasis Entertainment. They revealed that they were constantly monitored by thug-like talent agents, that the company took all of their earnings, and that they had no say in choosing roles or commercial deals.</span></p><p data-uid="c41e4178-d2ec-46a1-9841-c7acb7061fcb"><span>Right then, the MC of <em>Good Morning, Hooray!</em> Ahn Sung-Gyu immediately reported it...</span></p>