---
title: "Chapter 877: Pride (2)"
weight: 877
---
<p data-uid="db78bcec-cb03-43a0-b57a-c84481d72f88"><span><span>With sharper instincts than anyone, Miso immediately saw that Choi Yeon-Mi was fake crying.</span></span></p><p data-uid="9c44b283-ceed-476b-9e1d-3e00065030aa"><span><span>Caught off guard by Miso's unexpected callout, Choi Yeon-Mi raised her voice and cried even louder. "No! I'm crying because it hurts where Eun-Seo hit me!"</span></span></p><p data-uid="16d77e0d-4c56-4482-a575-c0e15996264c"><span><span>At Choi Yeon-Mi's shrill tone, Miso startled and quickly hid behind me. She clutched my leg tightly.</span></span></p><p data-uid="46513765-78a4-4dfd-987b-74bc41367a01"><span><span>I gently patted Miso's back. "It's okay, Miso. I believe you."</span></span></p><p data-uid="ff165d45-14c1-4816-9a72-f5eadb8d82b8"><span><span>Miso's eyes widened. "Really?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="11de07ab-d692-41de-bf87-e830c7f04581"><span><span>"Yes."</span></span></p><p data-uid="3f1c59c5-3814-4c0a-8fee-d0ff6ed639c7"><span><span>When I nodded, Miso clasped her hands together and let out a relieved sigh. "That's a relief. I thought I was going to become a liar."</span></span></p><p data-uid="fa210bf4-29e9-4188-a836-d5bea5fe76c1"><span><span>"Why would you be a liar? The real liar is over there."</span></span></p><p data-uid="6ffefb41-9f8a-4faf-9bee-cbef992f1880"><span><span>I knew Choi Yeon-Mi was lying, not because of what Miso said but because I had experienced her before my regression.</span></span></p><p data-uid="a7d59a80-7ddf-48d2-9016-a67d1a23aaf4"><span><span>In the previous timeline, Choi Yeon-Mi debuted under Ace Entertainment as a member of the girl group Lovely &amp; Glory. From her debut year, she built a successful fandom by promoting a pure image—an angelic face and saintly behavior.</span></span></p><p data-uid="9bf84d65-566b-43a9-930f-adb565beeb7e"><span><span>But at a CF shoot, a staff member who had suffered from her power abuse secretly recorded her swearing and exposed it. Within a year of her debut, she was expelled from the group and fled to the U.S. under the guise of studying abroad. Lovely &amp; Glory never quite recovered and eventually terminated their contract with Ace Entertainment.</span></span></p><p data-uid="0838b807-c9cc-43c3-acbb-daaa05a8aa47"><span><span>So even without Miso's insight, I already knew Choi Yeon-Mi was a master of performance. More importantly, the very fact that Go Eun-Seo had hit her was proof that something serious had happened.</span></span></p><p data-uid="3fb3a86a-56fc-4909-9bbb-2d39b6c85ccb"><span><span>Go Eun-Seo was arrogant and aloof, yes, but she was not someone who resorted to violence. This meant something...</span></span></p>