---
title: "Chapter 846: Be Nice"
weight: 846
---
<p data-uid="287721b9-2848-4ca0-8b60-84e6535af2f3"><span><span>[Everyday V13]</span></span></p><p data-uid="69a3a187-6be4-478c-b381-b057256f82c8"><span><span>[Date: April 5, 2021]</span></span></p><p data-uid="49aa7c52-8d65-449e-913f-1296c1fa19fb"><span><span>-10:00 p.m. [NEW. Choi Deok-Bae]</span></span></p><p data-uid="13f5ce0c-b383-4ac7-b1f9-8b3cd6caea2b"><span><span>[Baro Star] The role of Baek Ill-Seung in</span><em><span> She Was Beautiful</span></em><span> wasn't originally given to Choi Deok-Bae but to actor B. The reason for B's rejection wasn't a lack of talent but supposedly Casting Director J? (Reporter Lee Gyu-Hee)</span></span></p><p data-uid="db5cd213-1d6c-4ca4-8441-a223f45dabb1"><span><span>[Starpatch] Rising star B recently expressed frustration, saying he unfairly lost a role he auditioned for to a hoobae actor, C. (Reporter Ahn Jung-Eun)</span></span></p><p data-uid="89e0e653-3ec2-4c7a-9e26-6eec1702c380"><span><span>&nbsp;</span></span></p><p data-uid="0065c2cb-f002-4606-9fd8-e3f92f73162a"><span><span>'</span><em><span>Bong Tae-Sik, that bastard. So now he's blaming his failed audition not on his own skill, but on me—the casting director?</span></em><span>'</span></span></p><p data-uid="5a6262b2-c8f4-4b0c-9069-9c9594cd38ad"><span><span>He was pulling a cowardly move, leaking it through female entertainment reporters he knew personally.</span></span></p><p data-uid="2f423b52-5e29-4c7b-b838-d915b7ecf739"><span><span>The problem was, when gossip articles like this came out in initials, production companies couldn't really act on it. If Bong Tae-Sik kept denying he ever gave that interview, it would just look like those entertainment reporters went rogue. That was why I had to secure proof that they had taken money or favors in exchange for publishing it.</span></span></p><p data-uid="8936ad18-8e29-4a40-8d58-8093969bef9c"><span><span>Luckily, Everyday let me know which reporters would be posting the story tomorrow at 10 p.m.</span></span></p><p data-uid="8e217310-53ec-47e5-b475-dc5e0c3dd20c"><span><span>I immediately messaged Chief Choi Go-Yoon, whom I had already contacted earlier.</span></span></p><p data-uid="ed85c1ad-5cb6-43c5-b2b5-1bc92ee4d820"><span><span>[Chief Jung Yoon-Ho: Reporter Lee Gyu-Hee from Baro Star and Reporter Ahn Jung-Eun from Starpatch. Please have someone follow both of them right away. Bong Tae-Sik will be meeting with them soon.]</span></span></p><p data-uid="815d9536-a87b-4b55-8927-0a18aed44ea2"><span><span>Whenever Bong Tae-Sik spread this kind of gossip, he always did it face-to-face, never over the phone. He knew that if the other party recorded the call, he wouldn't be able to deny it later.</span></span></p><p data-uid="cd98586e-d0fa-45d9-8fc6-c9949984ab47"><span><span>Just then, a message came in from Choi Go-Yoon.</span></span></p><p data-uid="861da84c-1278-4589-8bd1-beff2f667551"><span><span>[Chief Choi Go-Yoon: I just happened to be in Samseong-dong and followed Bong Tae-Sik from LT Entertainment into Café K. He's currently meeting Reporter Lee Gyu-Hee there. I've attached a photo. I'll also...</span></span></p>