---
title: "Chapter 170: Team Lead Promotion (3)"
weight: 170
---
<p data-uid="8d4f6b86-d4d2-4165-985d-17ccabafa628">On June 17th, 2020, I declared in our first meeting as the newly appointed team lead that I would promote our team to a division before the year was out.</p><p data-uid="d7f1bcee-36a6-4091-ae2b-7900dc2aae75">After my shocking announcement, I met the eyes of my frozen team members and spoke. "And I would like you all to join me on this journey."</p><p data-uid="33c9d589-610c-4263-a6c5-0d0b1a1fd87f"><em>Gulp</em>.</p><p data-uid="545961b8-a536-46ee-9b59-bc965da32963">The staff gathered in the meeting room swallowed hard.</p><p data-uid="cd84c935-fc9c-44a4-b109-28b1a39ca57b">"Do you have any questions?" I asked.</p><p data-uid="2cd2c5df-8887-486d-8008-325fd5edc1c1">Lee Yung-Jin immediately raised his hand. "Is this a mere hope or a realistic goal?"</p><p data-uid="8122f6ec-f76c-481e-9e1f-30ea9f909697">"Obviously, it's a realistic goal," I replied.</p><p data-uid="f1eb11a4-fc8d-41d6-bb39-adb4bf4db1d3">"But is a promotion to a division really possible with our sales?" Lee Yung-Jin continued asking.</p><p data-uid="89b93c4b-14ba-4083-a52f-49188d170119">"That's a good question, Mr. Yung-Jin. But do you know how much revenue a typical division makes?"</p><p data-uid="ab77b25a-a6eb-4e65-8d24-f55385d665ef">Lee Yung-Jin shook his head. "No, sir."</p><p data-uid="cae9d251-e03c-422b-95ee-27dd6381fdba">At that moment, Eun Ji-Yoo cautiously responded. "As far as I know, it ranges from a minimum of 50 billion won to as much as 200 billion won, Mr. Jung"</p><p data-uid="cc2da544-be19-45fe-a06d-2f83cf8c61f7">I nodded. "Exactly. Last year, Actor Division 1 made 204 billion won, Singer Division 1 made 132 billion won, and Actor Division 3 made 85 billion won. Unfortunately, Singer Division 2 and Actor Division 2 only made 50 billion won each."</p><p data-uid="f5713e7a-3ea3-427f-b05b-c8542c3527da">The faces of the staff listening to me turned red at the news that the sales of the entertainers from Actor Division 2 and Singer Division 2 on our fourth floor were the lowest.</p><p data-uid="ff8c4377-6876-45ed-9c5c-e231d54ab39d">"Therefore it would be fair to say that the minimum threshold for being promoted to a division starts from 50 billion ...</p>