---
title: "Chapter 440: Miso (2)"
weight: 440
---
<p data-uid="0654cd4d-0e3c-428a-a2c3-7e8e6bc0b19b"><span>What Oh Bok-Hee was about to do was provide acting guidance.</span></p><p data-uid="54ed30e7-fd4e-474a-9572-e142e4757294"><span>Acting guidance involved the PD instructing actors to perform according to the PD's vision for the drama, and Oh Bok-Hee was famously strict in her acting guidance.</span></p><p data-uid="247088d1-7f82-483d-95c1-43188b3d0cc7"><span>Nonetheless, ever since arriving on the set of <em>Hwaranjeon</em> in Gyeongju, she had not done this yet. This restraint stemmed from an incident during her previous project, <em>The Magic Lamp</em>.</span></p><p data-uid="a3bd6135-86ea-4a9e-bdb6-4eb83cb71690"><span>While giving acting guidance to lead actor Choi Tae-Woong, a heated argument escalated into a near physical altercation and almost derailed the drama's production.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="8ae2461c-9f4b-4ab1-8cbe-9c8c46f7c719"><span>Although the conflict arose from Choi Tae-Woong neglecting script rehearsals and relying on his popularity, the blame fell entirely on Oh Bok-Hee..</span></p><p data-uid="88af850b-873a-4780-b04a-b5f59c868217"><span>To avoid such issues, Oh Bok-Hee had promised Choi Sang-Byung to minimize acting guidance when she took on Hwaranjeon. Yet now, the infamously strict Oh Bok-Hee was about to break that promise.</span></p><p data-uid="c7f7c7de-5813-4b1e-b11e-f04d3b6cb89d"><span>Geum Eun-Dong rushed over and grabbed Oh Bok-Hee. "Mrs. Oh! P-Please wait a moment!"</span></p><p data-uid="5c3d558e-3953-4cc5-a511-94b403296ef3"><span>Oh Bok-Hee tilted her head. "What's wrong, Eun-Dong? Is there a problem?"</span></p><p data-uid="cc47f971-2cc2-4270-b994-4e87579f1201"><span>"Yes, there is a problem! Even if it's just for the child actors, what are you going to do if you upset the S-class actresses? If anything goes wrong during your guidance, the department head and the president will show up here immediately to discipline you!"</span></p><p data-uid="fd40826b-599d-485f-a80a-e86135c4e2ff"><span>Oh Bok-Hee replied calmly. "Discipline?...</span></p>