---
title: "Chapter 498: The Beginning (1)"
weight: 498
---
<p data-uid="f044c766-9d92-4b0d-ab1f-818ab8df00a1"><span>"I heard Hoop Entertainment gives team leads autonomy. So I'd like to have authority over my team'sproject selection as well."</span></p><p data-uid="a66b2996-26d3-4cfc-be0c-a07b0830fd1a"><span>Project selection was the core of an entertainment company's operations. Most companies only granted such authority to chiefs, not team leads. No matter how talented a celebrity was, they couldn't succeed without landing the right project. However, recognizing a project's potential for success required years of experience.</span></p><p data-uid="13a027f3-abd6-45de-b885-8b45e7f5dce7"><span>That's why even the company president handled project selection personally in small agencies. In my case, I had been given special autonomy as a team lead.</span></p><p data-uid="4e5347a7-ca4a-484a-85c4-df0e716279b8"><span>And now, Yeon So-Hee was asking for the same. Her request exceeded the usual scope of a team lead's authority and caused murmurs among the staff in the meeting room.</span></p><p data-uid="6a4406af-f865-4781-bd4c-53239254b4cd"><span>'<em>As expected of Team Lead Yeon So-Hee.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="4c7bf457-966b-4ddf-bf9c-f30cb5fc2992"><span>I understood why she was making this demand. At FNK Entertainment, she had never been properly respected simply because she was a woman. She had always read scripts, analyzed them, and assessed directors and writers before making recommendations.</span></p><p data-uid="f4688ff2-68bc-46ce-bfc6-6dae97d0dd6c"><span>Nevertheless, her superior, Chief Choi Taek-Hoon, had ignored all of her insights and chosen projects arbitrarily which ultimately ruined actors' filmographies.</span></p><p data-uid="f7335a1c-f6ee-47ad-b985-27c878e87ffb"><span>Now, she wanted to build a team the right way. Her motivation wasn't personal success but it was to protect her actors.</span></p><p data-uid="5e194cd5-6466-42ea-ae8c-4399ed551462"><span>Knowing she had no ill intent, I smiled as I answered. "You know my track record when it comes to selecting projects, don't you?"</span></p><p data-uid="4cd94ff9-c20d-4eee-91f8-9b63c34a42c2"><span>Yeon So-Hee nodded. "Yes. I completely acknowledge and respect the results...</span></p>