---
title: "Chapter 42: Luxury Or Quirky (3)"
weight: 42
---
<p data-uid="bd4bb5bf-0b29-4672-97cf-0382ffd86c4c">Completely unaware of the previous conversation between Yoo-Jin and me, Park Bull-Chool was passionately discussing today's shoot. "Miss Yoo-Jin. Today’s shoot will be a huge success as long as you just follow the storyboard. Trust me on this. I'm quite well-known in this industry, you know?"</p><p data-uid="13447ca4-2d16-4b1a-b5d8-b4a3b48b1909">Yoo-Jin smiled and responded playfully. "Of course, my talent agent already told me how much of a genius you are."</p><p data-uid="ece94a1f-848d-4223-9953-91837ab730db">This was a lie. After all, I had only learned who the director was upon arriving at the set. Nonetheless, Yoo-Jin maintained a professional business smile with an overjoyed expression. This encouraged Park Bull-Chool to extend his hand to me for a handshake as well.</p><p data-uid="046c4c78-7bc7-46ce-a88c-6a1e3bd5b14b">"I appreciate the trust, Mr. Jung. Please leave it to me and I'll deliver a perfect result."</p><p data-uid="c256a414-170d-4ae1-96b2-4febe3d25185">Park Bull-Chool's eyes sparkled with enthusiasm.</p><p data-uid="5fa5585f-4c05-4afd-b251-b400e9cc9ada">At that moment, a chill ran down my spine. The other nickname for the advertising genius Park Bull-Chool was 'the Maverick of the ad world.' Though I had heard of his fame, I had never witnessed his shooting style firsthand.</p><p data-uid="a1ad6b58-8446-4120-adcb-1c681fbc122c">Just then, an assistant director approached us quietly.</p><p data-uid="3516099a-6e1c-4742-910c-c27e2a50ddb5">"Mr. Park, we need you to check the set."</p><p data-uid="0fd92e18-a865-474b-a844-a50945850a9d">Park Bull-Chool, who had been engrossed in explaining the storyboard, suddenly snapped back to reality. "Oh, right. I almost forgot....</p>