---
title: "Chapter 218: Colleague"
weight: 218
---
<p data-uid="9830236c-835e-42ee-9582-8531f736dc8c">"What? They're really going to buy that?" I asked in shock.</p><p data-uid="930dd52e-308f-4b95-b96c-abd78ed8b18d">"Yes. They’re offering a hefty price too," Kim Mi-Hye replied.</p><p data-uid="f242f944-485e-4cc4-ad08-3adf9398e0f4">Miso's mammoth fishcakes were listed at a whopping 1 million won while her T-rex fishcakes were listed at 500 thousand won.</p><p data-uid="4e354b16-58ff-4e61-aa22-156cab6986e9">Yoo-Jin made the post just to have fun with the fans, but it seemed like they took it seriously and were naming prices. However, if Yoo-Jin made a post saying that it was for jokes, that would be awkward in its own way.</p><p data-uid="a6d5536b-97c2-4cd9-b434-74646028c5cf">“What should we do…”</p><p data-uid="9fc6f0f9-bc84-4048-a774-e772fc368ee0">Although the fishcakes wouldn't go bad for a while since they were stored in an acrylic case with desiccants, the legal issue bothered me.</p><p data-uid="25d7660f-0861-4478-9ca6-afa4195b18a3">At that moment, a solution suddenly came to mind.</p><p data-uid="b702963b-6368-4f85-af37-c3d17d26d74c">I clicked on Samjin King Fishcake among the comments on Instargem and managed to find the company's official Instargem account.</p><p data-uid="7c282d37-3fdf-4f60-830f-2ddc298bacff">“Is Samjin King Fishcake really going to buy Miso's fishcake?”</p><p data-uid="d97a030a-9c17-454a-b5a7-b9d9bff5a343">“Yes, and they even asked if we’d like to shoot a commercial with them.”</p><p data-uid="be7d88f3-1592-453c-9f01-f2d4184bda5f">“Then let’s sign a contract with them.”</p><p data-uid="76b8ed64-639f-4cd5-ac80-ba19d9ac1fd9">Even though it was a joke, Yoo-Jin had planned to sell Miso’s fishcakes and donate the proceeds anyway. So if we received a little more than the fishcake price as advertising fees, we could donate the extra money and solve the problem.</p><p data-uid="eda5a6d8-948e-48bb-9251-342182c5fa71">Feeling relieved, I asked Kim Mi-Hye. “How much are they offering for the commercial fee?”</p><p data-uid="12d1516b-b2ed-4526-9958-54aa48aee435">“They offered 50 million won for Miso. It's a one-year contract and if we renew the contract for another year, they’ll add an extra...</p>