---
title: "Chapter 690: Plan"
weight: 690
---
<p data-uid="fb269244-804c-42e9-868f-1fb8122b0c59"><span>"I plan to put Eun-Gi on television as soon as he's released and turn him into a star. That way, his safety will be guaranteed for the time being."</span></p><p data-uid="59902cbd-fbf6-4b5b-99e8-dbf7fba11f69"><span>My idea was to present Kang Eun-Gi as a star talent agent and a young businessman in his twenties who had built Reverse Entertainment into the fifth-largest company in the industry, making him famous.</span></p><p data-uid="79ea96c3-4610-45b1-83cf-8e5e34db3896"><span>However, Choi Eun-Tae didn't understand why being famous would make someone safer. "What do you mean by saying he'll be safer if he becomes a star?"</span></p><p data-uid="ea0f47b0-d20f-4c68-a400-715e55a6d089"><span>I began breaking it down for Choi Eun-Tae. "If he becomes a star, reporters and the public will follow him everywhere, and every move he makes will be reported on social media and in the news. That makes it very hard to harm him. Anyone who tried would risk ending up on the nine o'clock news."</span></p><p data-uid="4a0ce2ff-c67a-475c-a3a0-b944fb9986fd"><span>At the center of the group targeting Eun-Gi was Assemblyman Park Sang-Gon, a politician. And what politicians feared most was public opinion. I was certain he wouldn't dare target someone constantly followed by cameras. That would be nearly impossible. Once he was a star, there would be reporters, staff, and bystanders around him at all times.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="8fc3c9d9-4874-4d2a-b0b0-202ec511af8c"><span>In short, I was planning to build a human shield around Kang Eun-Gi. Even a reckless man like Choi Man-Sik wouldn't be able to touch him. If word got out that the head of a savings bank had ordered a hit, Choi Man-Sik would lose everything.</span></p><p data-uid="e5e125f7-1bb1-464e-a9eb-f9015ec4d582"><span>"I hadn't considered that. Making him safer by making him more well-known… <em>hahahaha</em>…" Choi Eun-Tae gave a laugh, clearly impressed. "But… Can Eun-Gi really become a star?"</span></p><p data-uid="a80079b5-4f9c-4a02-a689-4fa55de34a57"><span>"Don't...</span></p>