---
title: "Chapter 263: Into The Storm (1)"
weight: 263
---
<p data-uid="d3a0b243-2e8e-40ed-a182-8a48e9bac859"><span>Miso ran up to me, wearing a white taekwondo uniform and a yellow belt.</span></p><p data-uid="2b6a933d-906c-4c8b-8f7f-c15b87eaa1e4"><span>I wondered why she was so excited, and it turned out it was because her name was embroidered on the yellow belt.</span></p><p data-uid="dc91e8ec-ecd8-4f4e-807d-832f95e3b2d3"><span>"Look, Uncle Yoon-Ho! The taekwondo master embroidered my name here! Isn't it pretty?"</span></p><p data-uid="7ad9f3d0-8333-4f73-9e70-2889076f00b5"><span>The words "Jung Miso" were embroidered in pink overlock at the end of the yellow belt that Miso was holding. On the other side of the yellow belt, five characters from the Powertuff Girls were also embroidered in overlock.</span></p><p data-uid="25570e06-0ce4-4338-bda4-1f240a1796f6"><span>Come to think of it, Miso had never worn her own uniform when learning taekwondo. When she learned it at kindergarten, she always borrowed a uniform and used a prepared belt.</span></p><p data-uid="f45deda2-7b65-4631-b098-5a64f5b1c41a"><span>I remembered that Miso didn't ask for a personal uniform and belt because she didn't want to burden her mom.</span></p><p data-uid="355d318a-9931-461e-9f04-976006fb5943"><span>"Wow, it’s so cute~. Good for you, Miso," I replied with a grin.</span></p><p data-uid="16473e4c-4849-46d2-860b-419d9f95bfe0"><span>When I reacted enthusiastically, Miso giggled. "Yes! I love it. And look at this too."</span></p><p data-uid="3df77f09-b87a-4eae-9967-9133841be7a2"><span>Miso turned around and pointed to her back where her name was also embroidered in pink overlock.</span></p><p data-uid="fa8ec7f7-066c-4db9-a19a-c6a270897a08"><span>"The taekwondo master embroidered my name here too!" Miso exclaimed excitedly.</span></p><p data-uid="64f994ba-ff3f-4f0a-9813-b2eb465ed03b"><span>Jung Sang-Bong scratched his head and smiled when he saw Miso jumping up and down in excitement.</span></p><p data-uid="202c5f50-65b9-4dc6-a79b-ee60afb74bd6"><span>"Miso, you should thank the taekwondo master too," I reminded her.</span></p><p data-uid="8978c506-2b07-4cc9-a809-07c6feba6043"><span>"Oh, right! I was so eager to show you that I forgot."</span></p><p data-uid="59d3bc54-d199-4f8a-986e-758d10d4becf"><span>The fact that she was so eager to show me her uniform and belt that she forgot to thank Jung Sang-Bong made me feel touched.</span></p><p data-uid="829770f8-75d3-4308-a602-dfeb234876f0"><span>Miso turned...</span></p>