---
title: "Chapter 420: Helping Sae-Ri (2)"
weight: 420
---
<p data-uid="bfbd8abc-38a9-4826-9ca5-408b81045a66"><span>Lee Dong-Min and I entered the old building that didn't even have an elevator. As we climbed the stairs, we saw Park Hyung-Gu ahead of us panting heavily as he ascended.</span></p><p data-uid="50f08c5f-bf78-46c8-82c3-59dc2186d8a5"><span>From the third floor where Ye-Eum Planning's office was located, we could hear the voices of two women. One was Go Yoo-An, a singer from Ye-Eum Planning, and the other was President Ahn Ye-Eum.</span></p><p data-uid="970317f4-6fcb-4a42-96cb-203691e1a12d"><span>-Just stop it! Ms. Ahn, no matter what you say, I won't change my mind.</span></p><p data-uid="87f00fa4-7f5a-42a4-9765-8588905323bf"><span>-Yoo-An, just give me one more month, okay? Just one more month and I'll do whatever it takes—beg on my knees if I have to—to get you a broadcast spot. I'll even find you a new song. Please!</span></p><p data-uid="96200a22-bd23-4c47-8ef0-15ef50214efb"><span>-No thanks. Ms. Ahn, I heard you've been borrowing money from loan sharks lately. Yesterday while I was at Hongdae, TK Entertainment approached me with an offer. I'm moving there, so don't try to hold me back.</span></p><p data-uid="35b87d6d-a72a-4757-bdb0-8998e5b5337a"><span>-What are you saying? You're the only singer we have left at this company! What are we supposed to do if you leave? And don't forget you're still under contract!</span></p><p data-uid="a89392c6-bbff-4fe3-ab8c-f03fa6d841ed"><span>I had assumed the company had two singers left, but it seemed one had already left.</span></p><p data-uid="8218d370-84d0-400d-a30b-119e658b851c"><span>-Then file a lawsuit or something! But it'll only hurt you in the end. And by the way, I want my earnings settled today.</span></p><p data-uid="496114f1-704c-4d38-9645-6f5ef3a33c6e"><span>At that moment, a third voice chimed in. This time, it was the twenty-eight-year-old Producer Kim Ae-Ran.</span></p><p data-uid="bd1b4cee-3d53-4300-8214-0852048de0e4"><span>-Settle your earnings? Hey! How many gigs have you done this year?...</span></p>