---
title: "Chapter 595: Jinseong Hotel & Resort (2)"
weight: 595
---
<p data-uid="365b03b3-3d02-48e7-bdf0-caf250a4d5f5"><span>Before the regression, it was revealed through a prosecutor's investigation that Executive Director Kwak Sang-Hyo met with the president of Sejin Resort at the high-end club VIXX to plot the fraudulent acquisition.</span></p><p data-uid="95a53bda-4ba4-4c6c-b69d-f299730b4ccc"><span>Knowing roughly when that incident happened, I had contacted my friend Go An-Na to find a way to record their conversation. Go An-Na then told me that her younger acquaintance worked at Club VIXX and promised to get me the recording.</span></p><p data-uid="1b88aacd-74a2-4c8b-8ae2-9dbf89be8134"><span>And this morning, I received the recorded file from Go An-Na, taken at VIXX.</span></p><p data-uid="c0fbf1d1-0e29-49cd-9528-287f9b5c3d49"><span>Jin Ah-Ram had asked me to play the recording.</span></p><p data-uid="55fde072-8fcc-4321-ba6d-a0852a2d860b"><span>"Mr. Jung, please show us the evidence."</span></p><p data-uid="137c15dd-382e-4c08-8bdc-e6c42cab7099"><span>Jin Dae-Woon and the executives were all watching me expectantly, wanting to see proof that Kwak Sang-Hyo had colluded with Park Eun-Soo of Sejin.</span></p><p data-uid="f925813e-584a-4e6d-950a-149c64284d17"><span>However, Jin Myung-Hee suddenly shrieked and turned to Jin Dae-Woon. "Dad! You're not seriously going to believe some guy who follows around celebrities, are you?"</span></p><p data-uid="cda7dc32-e437-4124-aabf-f87c5d4602bf"><span>Jin Dae-Woon replied in a low voice. "Shut your mouth!"</span></p><p data-uid="f2d0a4a1-fef3-4829-b039-598371d47c7f"><span>"Dad!"</span></p><p data-uid="08067b1f-6659-425d-9210-f228172989ba"><span>"If you call me Dad one more time, I'll have you thrown out. Do you understand?"</span></p><p data-uid="1cd83dd9-79ea-4ad0-a950-675c78c51933"><span>Only after Jin Myung-Hee reluctantly shut her mouth did Jin Dae-Woon furrow his brows and looked at me. Though a problem had occurred during the merger, his expression showed concern that a talent agent might be the one holding evidence of corruption by one of the company's executives.</span></p><p data-uid="a1c1cd10-8631-4c52-8fe3-79b5e447ad44"><span>"Chief Jung. From here on, you better speak carefully."</span></p><p data-uid="6e61d625-c77b-4a6b-be17-dee7cb10b0d1"><span>"I'll keep that in mind, sir."</span></p><p data-uid="567d0f11-4b84-4804-a34e-8b7d97ef573d"><span>"Then let's see the...</span></p>