---
title: "Chapter 567: Check (2)"
weight: 567
---
<p data-uid="cf0221c9-3879-497d-8f91-097a1d0f7d4d"><span>So Ji-Min said, "I'll be blunt. Just get us an extra 10 million won per episode."</span></p><p data-uid="fdf031c0-40a9-460d-bd48-a4e852541689"><span>"You're asking for more money?"</span></p><p data-uid="85e48d6d-f927-4c2c-af23-48a86dc8f15d"><span>"Yeah. I mean, even if Mr. Han used to be a KBC executive, he's not working there anymore. We don't need to grovel. I'm already being generous considering the old ties. So ask Mr. Han if he can pay more. I'll also ask Ji-Seon again."</span></p><p data-uid="97dda702-3c1c-422c-aa9c-c3080ab05b09"><span>Yang Ji-Seon was already paid thirty million won per episode—7.2 billion won for 24 episodes in total. But after Mirinae's bankruptcy, there was no longer any obligation to refund that money. Now, So Ji-Min was exploiting the situation to drive up Yang Ji-Seon's price.</span></p><p data-uid="248fc7dc-e3ce-4ee4-be40-ebdd393b20e4"><span>Sure, talent agents and companies were supposed to get the best deals. Yet, demanding even more from Mirinae, just as it was clawing its way back to life, was clearly a move to sabotage the deal. Pretending to be considerate of Han Yoo-Sik, So Ji-Min was actually trying to make it impossible for Yang Ji-Seon to join <em>Haze</em>.</span></p><p data-uid="94a4fc48-f201-4651-8efb-09068c7b8b2c"><span>Though anger flared up inside me, I chose to reason calmly for Yang Ji-Seon's sake. "Ms. So. Mr. Han already paid Miss Ji-Seon far above market value last time. Asking for another ten million per episode now seems a bit excessive."</span></p><p data-uid="8f5d9180-2a72-4dc0-a9a0-e686b1f906ee"><span>So Ji-Min scoffed. "Excessive? Back then, thirty million was a good deal. But Ji-Seon's market price isn't thirty million anymore."</span></p><p data-uid="871ef160-6c93-4055-84ba-83e50f5fc88f"><span>"What do you mean, not anymore? What are you talking about?"</span></p><p data-uid="7a301d50-68f6-4a82-97fb-0dd69ab4d81e"><span>"Last night, I met...</span></p>