---
title: "Chapter 637: Offer (2)"
weight: 637
---
<p data-uid="d030f0cd-243b-416c-85c2-c24d0b0d1f70"><span>"I'm sorry, but I think it will be difficult."</span></p><p data-uid="c1428598-bcb4-4130-ad30-6406516e38b8"><span>The moment I said that, silence fell over the room.</span></p><p data-uid="1a9d15f0-ddb2-4f59-bde1-18a9030a73ff"><span>Shin Jong-Ki, who had arranged this meeting; Richard Kane, the executive director who offered a staggering three million dollars for Lee Tae-Poong's appearance fee; James King, who was excited about casting Lee Tae-Poong; and even Jin Sung-Joon, who was curiously watching to see if Lee Tae-Poong would advance to Hollywood, all looked shocked.</span></p><p data-uid="c6ec4394-8bde-46b9-b666-a870314dcc4c"><span>It was because I had flatly rejected an offer of three million dollars for a supporting role when even the lead actors in blockbuster Korean films struggled to command ten billion won.</span></p><p data-uid="05e4ef62-34ae-4cb5-8291-50a478d1d776"><span>Richard Kane blinked and asked again. "Did you go deaf at such a young age or something? Listen carefully! It's not three hundred thousand dollars, it's three million dollars. And not in Hong Kong dollars, but in U.S. dollars!"</span></p><p data-uid="8f806645-d297-4131-8b99-210bf9dc9c35"><span>Since Richard Kane's main office was in Hong Kong, he even suspected I might have misunderstood. The exchange rate for the Hong Kong dollar was roughly 140 won per dollar in Korean currency, so three million Hong Kong dollars would be about 420 million won.</span></p><p data-uid="61d9469a-969f-4144-aa0f-4b14b6c05767"><span>Because the amount was missing a zero compared to U.S. dollars, he clearly specified it was in U.S. dollars.</span></p><p data-uid="65e8b28c-3f5f-4cb1-952f-a3241f324075"><span>However, I shook my head again. "It's not about the money. Tae-Poong is an actor who won the Grand Prize at Korea's top film festival, the Hwangryong Film Association. We have no intention of lowering Tae-Poong's status just to enter Hollywood."</span></p><p data-uid="b2f60896-b732-46ca-a344-4e6014e839bd"><span>Among top-tier actors, quite a few dreamt of breaking into Hollywood. That was the reason they often accepted minor supporting roles with paltry fees to appear in Hollywood films.</span></p><p data-uid="6e5723ff-9972-4cb6-b9f9-cded271cb23d"><span>I respected their choices, but that was out of the question for me.</span></p><p data-uid="0f96ace1-73a3-4692-bdf4-e04190a7c5bb"><span>Three years from now, N.FLIX, a global content streaming service, would realize the power of Korean content that captivated not just Asia but the world and would launch a massive project starring Korean actors. When that becomes a huge success, Hollywood...</span></p>