---
title: "Chapter 737: White Day (1)"
weight: 737
---
<p data-uid="563975c7-f6c9-41c3-82c9-0902d14cd27c"><span>Actor Division 1 at Hoop Entertainment had always been the core team since the company's founding, holding the most important position. The top actors were always part of Actor Division 1 and most of the company's profits came from there. As a result, the company's direction always aligned with Actor Division 1.</span></p><p data-uid="4f907697-659b-4aaa-8172-b2b36b0efceb"><span>However, everything changed after my regression.</span></p><p data-uid="0a2127c2-3bed-4be8-87b5-19cf6117f974"><span>Bang Sang-Yung, who led Actor Division 1, was kicked out of the company and several actors moved over to Actor Division 2. As a result, Actor Division 1's status had fallen to the point where it now rivaled that of Actor Division 2, led by Gu Seong-Cheol.</span></p><p data-uid="e9a3af14-a3c2-4671-86c8-31391207b65a"><span>Perhaps out of frustration, Chief Choi Eun-Seok, a graduate of Suhyaejong who led Actor Division 1, joined forces with others from the same background at Guanwoo Entertainment and opposed everything I tried to do.</span></p><p data-uid="2d981b9c-1392-4ac7-8b99-c9cc498b7c9f"><span>But at this very moment, Choi Eun-Seok was reaching out to me, claiming to speak on behalf of all Actor Division 1 talent agents. He said we should now stand together on the same side. It was the moment all my prior efforts finally started to pay off.</span></p><p data-uid="2a737483-9c43-4cb5-8946-5c5588d9eefb"><span>Still, I couldn't trust his words at face value after everything that had happened.</span></p><p data-uid="7325282c-f7d8-4d49-bb0d-d51c69e88e54"><span>I masked my joy and acted surprised. "Why the sudden change, Mr. Choi?"</span></p><p data-uid="393aa2cd-aec6-476d-91e0-782501eee441"><span>Choi Eun-Seok let out a long sigh. "To be honest, I thought we could handle things just fine even after Director Bang left the company. But when Jo Min-Sung moved to Actor Division 2, that's when it hit me. <em>Ah</em>, so this really isn't the same Actor Division...</span></p>