---
title: "Chapter 679: Rising (3)"
weight: 679
---
<p data-uid="0a835c12-3055-4371-a653-a8581de378b4"> <span>The rehearsal began, and Deok-Bae and I faced each other with swords drawn. From this point on, we had to coordinate our action choreography, consult with each other, and follow the stunt director's instructions.</span></p><p data-uid="74becbaf-5dcb-4cfa-ab3a-3955c7db2b63"><span>But maybe because of the tension from the first broadcast, Deok-Bae was already fully immersed in his role. Thanks to that, there was a chilling intensity in Deok-Bae's eyes.</span></p><p data-uid="5c9ec553-9e69-4fe0-ae84-bc37d1ba3c38"><span>The character I was doubling for, Taecheong-Rang, was a traitor under the orders of Baekje, Silla's enemy, and a sworn enemy trying to kill Kim Chun-Chu, a noble of Silla and father of Kim Beop-Min—the role Deok-Bae was playing.</span></p><p data-uid="e1d857cc-95ca-4175-90ee-8dfd84d8a739"><span>Maybe that was the reason he looked like he could swing his sword at any moment.</span></p><p data-uid="4c17e2cb-0f80-4f63-8856-b74083f33be1"><span>Just then, Ahn Seok-Chil let out a quiet exclamation. "Wow~ Deok-Bae's gaze is great. Yeah. An action actor's gaze needs to be alive!"</span></p><p data-uid="70279ece-fc37-4642-97ef-a8ccdeff360f"><span>'<em>No, Mr. Ahn, this is not the time to be impressed by his gaze!</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="b66c5494-933f-4072-8565-2acac28d8593"><span>Of course, both our swords were plastic props with special coating to make them look real. And since we were covered in protective gear, there was no risk of getting cut.</span></p><p data-uid="05c8a5d3-3760-455f-b951-21b98723e184"><span>'<em>But still, it's gonna hurt if I get hit!</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="eed4599a-5a43-4ea8-900b-2cffafd52a42"><span>Unaware of my inner thoughts, Ahn Seok-Chil smiled contentedly as he corrected Deok-Bae's stance a few times, then approached me. "Chief Jung's posture is quite good. Have you trained in swordsmanship somewhere?"</span></p><p data-uid="e1963d8a-b7cd-4604-9798-1e58caac4183"><span>"No?"</span></p><p data-uid="46a7014c-67d5-46c1-b683-2cdc80a1d83a"><span>Ahn Seok-Chil smiled warmly seeing how I held the sword. "For someone who hasn't, your grip is pretty proper."</span></p><p data-uid="49ab5789-e75c-45f2-b8e8-55bd868f163c"><span>"<em>Oh</em>~ I just picked it up from working with actors."</span></p><p data-uid="69cb27b2-65cb-4345-8279-338e4d7fbfe3"><span>Before the regression, I had often acted as a sparring partner for actors in historical dramas. Actors who weren't action specialists often forgot their choreography, even after rehearsals and guidance from the stunt director. In those situations, I had to...</span></p>