---
title: "Chapter 117: Winter After Spring? (6)"
weight: 117
---
<p data-uid="e72ad05a-e568-4c15-bb5e-b4b275fb4547"><em>'Composite photo.'</em></p><p data-uid="1bb1a7c6-8012-4e79-8713-1748492ed4c5">Three years later, a 35-year-old A-grade actor named Yang Myung-Suk would brazenly harass actress Lee Eun-Jin, who was the girlfriend of Cheon Yi-Sang at the time, and get caught.</p><p data-uid="349a83b5-b80c-40be-9db4-21a01942d6a0">Cheon Yi-Sang pretended to forgive him boldly, but Yang Myung-Suk was exposed with a composite photo lying nude with another woman a month later.</p><p data-uid="ecaaeac9-90a1-4437-91d9-b8cf3425e4f9">In some ways, it was a much more dangerous tactic than what he had used before. To the public who were inclined to believe anything they saw with their eyes, photos were a bigger threat than audio recordings.</p><p data-uid="bd0ae7e4-c51e-4213-8662-3f32139d2f09">The situation could become extremely serious if a few tabloids started spreading fake photos. I had to buy time because launching a counterattack would take at least two days.</p><p data-uid="e036074e-224c-46b8-a442-1a2f56b572d2">Pretending to be defeated, I let out a weak plea. "How can I make you stop here?"</p><p data-uid="987b0562-6609-46ed-84f5-2b6e51c2f58b">Cheon Yi-Sang responded as if he had been waiting.</p><p data-uid="86148304-9067-4c39-8aab-30e214fd11e9">-I told you. Come to me. Then everything will stop here.</p><p data-uid="14d0d372-f703-4547-9380-cdbb7718ac3f">I remained silent for a moment because he would suspect me if I answered right away. Swallowing dryly, I counted to ten in my mind before replying, "Could you give me some time to think?"</p><p data-uid="0952547c-3001-42ed-b1f8-b42480e6e152">-Time to think? Sure. I like careful people. How much time do you need?</p><p data-uid="c2ccb9b3-253f-48b4-874d-036343305346">Cheon Yi-Sang began to act leisurely. He seemed to think I had given up since all the media were headlining Yoo-Jin's dating ru...</p>