---
title: "Chapter 761: Lost Incident (2)"
weight: 761
---
<p data-uid="4e3e4593-53f3-45d4-a179-2648dd83baee"><span>Every fashion model dreamed of walking in a Louis' Batton show, the pinnacle of luxury brands. After all, just being on that stage changes how they were treated. If they made it to one of Louis' Batton's major shows in global cities, a dreamlike future opened up. They flew out on private jets, strutted through New York, Paris, and London, living the star model life.</span></p><p data-uid="bc9b8021-cd39-4e7d-ac94-fefad37e03cd"><span>Because of that, models naturally kept a close eye on Ryan Kim, the brand's Asia executive director. He was the one with final say on which models get picked. That was the reason I planned to use his influence to resolve the fuss over Jang So-Yeon's missing item.</span></p><p data-uid="f3a79372-5b1a-49b3-a917-0463f3c74dee"><span>But first, I had to calm down the furious Ryan Kim.</span></p><p data-uid="e7839196-aab7-4171-aaba-a37517980a8c"><span>"Please, find your calm," I said.</span></p><p data-uid="122a943c-55f1-4ad3-ae2a-e88e879ef25b"><span>"Where am I supposed to find my calm in this situation? The main accessory is missing! How are we supposed to run the show today? Ms. Vice Chairman from Daechon specifically asked me to look out for you, Mr. Jung, but this? This I can't overlook!"</span></p><p data-uid="e94228d9-9395-4f2f-b52a-9be7b49bfb15"><span>Even if Vice Chairman Kim Ae-Ryeon of Daechon Inc., who had placed an advance order worth hundreds of billions, was backing me, losing a one billion won accessory was a critical blow. Yet if I could find the item, we could pretend it never happened.</span></p><p data-uid="d83c0662-4a25-4d09-8586-1b01a27227a5"><span>I stepped in closer and whispered calmly.</span></p><p data-uid="ef8f55ec-95dc-4205-875a-d2b8d92610a6"><span>-I'll find the earrings before the show starts. But I'll need your help, Mr. Kim.</span></p><p data-uid="eb7f4ca6-7734-4ed4-a699-d40c44ca6f45"><span>Sensing the seriousness in my tone, Ryan Kim's expression changed. He whispered back.</span></p><p data-uid="4fa06da9-71d7-44fe-aa73-f355fa8d0cf7"><span>-Do you… know where the earrings are?</span></p><p data-uid="2ebe4c2b-2013-4680-9d19-c5678d0461a7"><span>-Yes.</span></p><p data-uid="fbbea8d6-9761-42a9-99ea-fca88efca57d"><span>-Then why don't you go get them...</span></p>