---
title: "Chapter 71: On Set (3)"
weight: 71
---
<p data-uid="9b2a58d3-29eb-4100-a3d8-d6f01a73ee82">In the executive office of HK Apparel sat a man with neatly trimmed short hair and a stocky, muscular build. His fierce look made him appear like a thug to many. He was lounging with his legs on an expensive oak wood table, smoking a cigarette.</p><p data-uid="772de085-e8ff-43d1-8b4a-9419223b7ad0">Hong Sung-Beom, the fourth son of the conglomerate HK Group, which ranked 12th in the business world, put out his cigarette and spoke in a low voice.</p><p data-uid="40a39bf7-dbe0-4d37-96b8-6790371c7c80">"Hoop Entertainment refused 200 million won?"</p><p data-uid="c526477f-bea4-4a48-a4ad-151889ab7c2e">Secretary General Kim Seung-Moon froze on the spot and bowed cautiously. He was originally the secretary to CEO Gu Wang-Soo but had switched allegiance to Hong Sung-Beom, who was parachuted into the executive position a few months ago.</p><p data-uid="be8408a5-da99-4848-98a8-e8d6c1ec506a">"Yes, Mr. Hong."</p><p data-uid="21d3c25d-0197-49af-8e45-f666150ff3cd">"She must be too proud because of her good looks. Offer them 300 million won this time then."</p><p data-uid="afe1a8a3-765e-4a78-b731-eb1a7693ad2f">Kim Seung-Moon’s face stiffened at Hong Sung-Beom's order. "U-um, Mr. Hong. That’s...”</p><p data-uid="1f7109f5-78e1-476a-b7c5-eab3de940351">"What is it?"</p><p data-uid="e55406b0-a115-4b07-9a39-af447b7a0fab">"Hoop Entertainment said they would thoroughly review the offer before contacting us. If we show haste, they might just inflate the price."</p><p data-uid="771b5d49-4edf-44d4-9611-891a5d374990">While Kim Seung-Moon's concern was valid, Hong Sung-Beom merely snorted. "Hey, Secretary Kim. Do you know why I pay you a high salary?"</p><p data-uid="00279136-d0c9-4ad6-82e9-9454ce59f464">Having lived a reckless and hedonistic life, thirty-year-old Hong Sung-Beom was not used to being rejected by others. He seemed to have no problem speaking rudely to Kim...</p>