---
title: "Chapter 444: Hwangryong Film Association Preparation (3)"
weight: 444
---
<p data-uid="b5664634-fdfb-4e96-9397-1643f846a9f9"><span>In the fitting room of JJ Studio location on the fifth floor, Lee Tae-Poong, the lead actor of </span><em><span>Beyond the Boundary</span></em><span>, and Oh Ji-Seok, the lead actor of </span><em><span>Mist Horde</span></em><span>, were grabbing each other by the collar.</span></p><p data-uid="1e15f0cd-d967-4ba4-af90-89dcc01abb79"><span>Meanwhile, a man in a white suit was on the floor sobbing. This man was none other than Jason Cho, the president of JJ Studio.</span></p><p data-uid="1bde4a99-4e03-489c-94b9-08eaf8225d7b"><span>Next to him were his secretary and chief, Lee Chae-Hoon and Chae Sang-Woo, who were consoling him.</span></p><p data-uid="08ba8249-0c87-47c5-92b8-5a95e46ca824"><span>Lee Dae-Ho and Lee Chan-Dong were trying to break up the fight, but Lee Tae-Poong and Oh Ji-Seok refused to let go of each other's collars.</span></p><p data-uid="685655b0-16a7-4f65-9ada-50541403dfa4"><span>I shouted, "What do you think you're doing right now?"</span></p><p data-uid="080647fe-313b-4815-98bd-437441d9e517"><span>At that moment, Lee Tae-Poong released his grip on Oh Ji-Seok's collar and turned to look at me. "Hyung, you see, this is…well..."</span></p><p data-uid="5b99f92e-c252-4135-a626-c0707e334493"><span>However, Oh Ji-Seok kept his grip on Lee Tae-Poong's collar and yelled, "This punk doesn't even know how to respect his sunbaes! You're dead today, you little brat!"</span></p><p data-uid="2675fd20-b28f-4364-b984-bb6868b95eb5"><span>I was sure Lee Tae-Poong hadn't done anything wrong. Nonetheless, even if he were the one who caused the trouble, I had to take his side as his talent agent.</span></p><p data-uid="12489f18-8b50-4726-8b17-36d198cf2359"><span>Seeing that Lee Tae-Poong was choking from Oh Ji-Seok's tight grip, I quickly grabbed Oh Ji-Seok's wrist. "Why don't we start by letting go, Mr. Ji-Seok?"</span></p><p data-uid="aea52905-d46e-4918-9640-5a9dd040cb13"><span>When I applied force to my hand, Oh Ji-Seok's face turned red. "</span><em><span>Ugh</span></em><span>! I-it hurts…"</span></p><p data-uid="d12b0c34-43ee-41db-9cb1-920734163c62"><span>I warned him, "If you don't let go, you'll regret it. Please release him immediately."</span></p><p data-uid="bd9a8553-d8f5-49ef-8cb0-8ebe5a7bc190"><span>Oh Ji-Seok was confident in his physical abilities due to his love for...</span></p>