---
title: "Chapter 242: Tabloids"
weight: 242
---
<p data-uid="89c888d7-3430-41e6-9afd-2075b57f6378"><span>"Team Lead Jung, did President Son say it's okay even if we push for a rookie?" Bang Sang-Yung asked.</span></p><p data-uid="51d42d55-2c8f-435b-a42a-376cf5ac7811"><span>"Kang Ha-Na is also a rookie and hasn't appeared on terrestrial or cable TV yet. I asked if that was okay and he didn't mind," I replied.</span></p><p data-uid="5bb005fe-5c07-48fc-94d6-6461f295ab5f"><span>Bang Sang-Yung smiled. "In that case, we have a promising rookie in Actor Division 1..."</span></p><p data-uid="90920c3b-30be-4106-a942-1791a5635987"><span>At that moment, Lee Gi-Cheol intervened. "Chief Bang, don’t think of monopolizing this opportunity. Why are you being greedy when this is an opportunity every chief and team lead needs?"</span></p><p data-uid="7881b932-925b-4ca8-b92c-74fa2231c972"><span>Bang Sang-Yung argued, "Mr. Lee, this is not just about pushing anyone. We need to push someone with potential to succeed. I recommend Jeon In-Soo."</span></p><p data-uid="2b4f7495-20e2-4b1e-964c-2d22d428e0ba"><span>Jeon In-Soo, who would be called the blue chip of the advertising industry in two years, was mentioned.</span></p><p data-uid="07682d91-694a-442e-b635-bfeaf0b5a172"><span>However, Lee Gi-Cheol brought up rookie actress Jo Ye-Rin from Actor Division 3.</span></p><p data-uid="83d863b5-342c-4d04-8a6e-74031d2b4dec"><span>"There is much more potential in pushing for Ye-Rin instead of In-Soo! Ye-Rin from Actor Division 3 has over 100,000 followers on Instargem. She could make it big with a bit more support!"</span></p><p data-uid="786758ea-a4a7-401c-b336-5f664d9b11bf"><span>"That's not fair. Ye-Rin already had a chance, didn't she? And who was the one who messed it up big time with weird jokes after getting a hard-won sport on a variety show?"</span></p><p data-uid="26be5201-63c1-4a76-a4c1-6b4ec47b61f5"><span>Jo Ye-Rin was an actress who was given a permanent spot on a terrestrial TV variety show with the company’s support but got cut in less than a month after just being a background prop.</span></p><p data-uid="84f7ab61-443d-4357-a69b-24027c3faded"><span>"Mess up big time?...</span></p>