---
title: "Chapter 59: One Day (1)"
weight: 59
---
<p data-uid="8e9386b4-aad8-497f-94ce-1805898397cd">In the SBC president’s office, executives at the director level were gathered to discuss how to handle tabloid articles about Jung Yoo-Jin.</p><p data-uid="4bf4544e-97e2-4e05-b8f0-b9efe10648a9">"How are we planning to handle this issue?"</p><p data-uid="8e4cba0a-b7d3-4278-a987-86ae0366dd4f">When Kim Gab-Soo, the president of SBC, asked with a stern expression, Drama Director Lee Ki-Do glanced around cautiously before responding.</p><p data-uid="a2d14ffa-831f-45bc-841c-9bb9a60df743">"We're considering replacing her role. There's no need to work with an actress caught up in a controversy, right?"</p><p data-uid="ba08a865-395b-4dad-ac79-3410312fea03">As Lee Ki-Do spoke cautiously, looking for Kim Gab-Soo’s approval, Jung Sam-Ryong stood up abruptly.</p><p data-uid="74142cd3-01d2-4793-bbf2-85a3fa82bc83">"Mr. Lee! How could you say this all of a sudden without consulting me first?"</p><p data-uid="96474460-24af-4091-b329-b7e8190ab931">"Hey! How dare you raise your voice in front of Mr. Kim?"</p><p data-uid="41058910-23ed-4f75-afff-a389cf2ff124">But the undeterred Jung Sam-Ryong continued. "We've already discussed and settled this matter in advance, didn’t we? They’ve been handling the situation well. We can’t just do this."</p><p data-uid="e08887dd-ec7a-4efc-99fc-ac5ef9f3bdfa">But Lee Ki-Do shook his head.</p><p data-uid="8efa76e2-9af9-44fd-8dbe-2220257f3466">"Mr. Jung. I understand where you are coming from, but this has grown into a bigger problem than expected. Haven't you seen the reactions on social media? There's an uproar over why we're using such a controversial actress."</p><p data-uid="734da89d-abec-4ebb-b41f-bdaadfb0af52">Then, the Director of the Culture Division, Woo Ji-Han, stepped in. "Mr. Lee, why don’t we wait a bit and watch the situation? The <em>Human Stories </em>episode is going to be broadcast soon. We did agree to wait until then, right?"</p><p data-uid="214ea4cc-7930-4b94-a0c9-d42d46e35c62">As others started to object, Lee Ki-Do frowned. "Mr. Woo, don't you...</p>