---
title: "Chapter 600: Moral Laws In Family Relationships (5)"
weight: 600
---
<p data-uid="cf0e93d6-4aa0-4278-9a7f-aa1bb90cffb2"><span><em>Amazing Things All Around</em> was the show that Han Yoo-Sik's second child Han Joon-Hee appeared on as a regular panelist, and it was being filmed inside Studio 2 in MBS' new building.</span></p><p data-uid="5fc35689-1d1a-40e6-b47d-0376355ebbe5"><span><em>Amazing Things All Around</em> was a program where professors, experts, and celebrities discussed solutions to everyday problems. It aired every Wednesday at 11 p.m. and was quite popular, with viewership ratings reaching 13%.</span></p><p data-uid="825ac627-0704-4532-8fd1-b9b1101db701"><span>New actress Yoo So-Min from Hoop Entertainment's Actor Division 2 was also a panelist on the show.</span></p><p data-uid="9f5ebfb2-218a-4045-b942-c2e498819177"><span>Through the busy staff, I spotted Han Joon-Hee, who had finished her makeup. She was heading toward her seat in the front row but changed direction and walked straight toward me.</span></p><p data-uid="100a9231-c0fb-4312-8da4-9395f9add782"><span>I was planning to meet her anyway, so it worked out better this way.</span></p><p data-uid="6fc0bde5-dfd8-40e5-8960-5b5a5e5ded3d"><span>Han Joon-He approached and glared at me as she spoke. "Jung Yoon-Ho. What are you doing here? Oh~ Did you come to negotiate about Mirinae shares or something? Wake up. I'm not giving you a single share."</span></p><p data-uid="1b08e9a8-7f9f-4638-afb7-8642db695636"><span>"I didn't come to negotiate. I came to warn you. So step away from Mirinae while I'm still asking nicely. If you do, I'll make sure you can keep appearing on this show."</span></p><p data-uid="99c33ad7-07ea-406a-8dd9-4c53225ee939"><span>Though I didn't expect her to let go of her greed, I still wanted to give her the chance.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="fe216167-7afd-44ad-934f-e3a08b72fc63"><span>But as expected, Han Joon-Hee scoffed. "Who do you think you are, telling me whether I can stay on the show? Do you even know that my husband's company, Hyunsung Furniture, is the main sponsor?"</span></p><p data-uid="6a66d1f0-6fcf-4e2a-88dc-b5033c6d419b"><span>Hyunsung Furniture was ranked among the top three furniture companies, generating hundreds of billions in annual revenue, and its president, Lee Hyung-Doo, was sponsoring the show for his wife.</span></p><p data-uid="bda8380c-ee31-458f-96b4-58be1722490b"><span>I warned, "Are you really not going to regret this?"</span></p><p data-uid="9cee2b1d-bf48-4920-8ab5-ed7bb33e2be9"><span>"You're the one who should regret it! And don't you remember what I...</span></p>