---
title: "Chapter 579: Their Plan (4)"
weight: 579
---
<p data-uid="fe411e8f-ed2c-4706-a317-1893c523d627"><span>Fortunately, the indoor sets for MBS' <em>The Omniscient Viewpoint</em> and<em>&nbsp;Boy of Heaven</em>, where Yang Ji-Seon was filming, were right next to each other.</span></p><p data-uid="74793ffb-9fa8-4ec2-8669-f76ea60ed741"><span>So I called Jung Sang-Bong over to MBS and had him keep an eye on Yang Ji-Seon while I rushed over here with three major ad offers in hand that would surely catch Park Eun-Sung's attention.</span></p><p data-uid="b86d71bf-39e1-4249-9850-7375d1ff979a"><span>"We've received offers for three big ad campaigns."</span></p><p data-uid="dda20495-15c8-4f24-bdb1-b27c9bd40c8a"><span>Right now, Park Eun-Sung's biggest concern was exposure. Usually, when TV appearances decreased, popularity naturally dropped and eventually even ad deals dried up. To ease his anxiety, I brought him the most direct symbol of popularity—commercials.</span></p><p data-uid="59e12ce9-c854-4113-8953-a1c08d0d342e"><span>As expected, Park Eun-Sung's eyes widened. "Wh-What are they, Chief Jung?"</span></p><p data-uid="054f8276-f462-4144-902f-b23b10551803"><span>"The first is for Daechon Department Store, the second is from Yoomyung Construction, and the third is an outdoor ad for Hope Hospital."</span></p><p data-uid="c48eb14f-1cec-4447-8a99-90c7d4623a86"><span>I had received personal requests from Vice President Kim Ae-Ryeon of Daechon Inc. and Han Myung-Joo, president of the construction company and husband of Women's President Jang Ji-Hye, to find good ad models. Naturally, I recommended Park Eun-Sung.</span></p><p data-uid="a7171d9d-83bb-4483-9799-dea990a18a3f"><span>The final ad was for Hope Hospital, which Choi Eun-Tae would soon be sponsoring. With the hospital preparing to relocate and expand in Guro, they needed a public face for their new image. This was the perfect opportunity to steer Park Eun-Sung, who had begun showing signs of hypothyroidism, toward a health check.</span></p><p data-uid="972f99a9-ecdc-459a-b209-5a7cd2b01fbe"><span>Hearing he had landed three major ad campaigns, Park...</span></p>