---
title: "Chapter 292: Showcase (3)"
weight: 292
---
<p data-uid="37176e70-2c68-4a06-b429-626762926dc8"><span>"How about it? Do you admit that I just helped you?"</span></p><p data-uid="68039553-f5c5-4d66-aa04-2dde5c49cc63"><span>I was left speechless at Kim Ae-Ryeon's playful tone.</span></p><p data-uid="b22a283e-a6c4-42b5-80a9-c0c87956b280"><span>I gathered my thoughts and replied, "I could have handled it on my own."</span></p><p data-uid="64eff867-e96b-4f60-88b9-1950e516954b"><span>"You're so prickly all the time. Anyway, since we've met, I have a proposal for you."</span></p><p data-uid="455df8b9-99b0-41cb-967d-e3fbe4b14623"><span>I was wondering why she had stopped me, and it turned out she also wanted Yoo-Jin.</span></p><p data-uid="bf8ebdd9-7ac7-4d03-988b-2bc9c1a65587"><span>"I want Jung Yoo-Jin to appear at our department store event," she added.</span></p><p data-uid="307ec4ea-302a-47ec-b929-2aa4a8c2621a"><span>With Kim Ae-Ja out of the picture and Daechon Department Store now in her hands, there was much she needed to take care of. She mentioned that a large-scale marketing campaign was necessary to cover the accumulated losses from her sister's reckless management.</span></p><p data-uid="4390a5eb-ff7a-4875-add4-4b08cc382879"><span>However, I subtly changed the subject since I didn't want to get involved with Daechon Inc.</span></p><p data-uid="73034982-01e7-4d6f-ab8d-1aec8f2c5b4b"><span>"Well, it's such a sudden proposal that I'm not sure if her schedule will allow it. She's so busy with drama filming that we barely managed to squeeze in today's runway."</span></p><p data-uid="b7cc4b10-93ac-4226-9186-a783c47bb4da"><span>"Then when is she free? We could clear out the entire department store for three hours to match her availability," said the persistent Kim Ae-Ryeon.</span></p><p data-uid="6074525c-436f-4d95-a83d-3419c5366f79"><span>Daechon Department Store's main branch generated over 5 billion won in daily sales. Assuming they operated for about twelve hours a day, that was more than 400 million won per hour.</span></p><p data-uid="27bf21d6-701e-4109-8afa-419760cd3b05"><span>Clearing out for three hours would mean giving up over 1.2 billion won in revenue. It might seem like a huge loss, but I knew Kim Ae-Ryeon wasn't the type to suffer any losses.</span></p><p data-uid="d94a624f-a31a-4098-99bd-2e4790b4b0d8"><span>In other words, she had already calculated everything. Then, she asked, "Are...</span></p>