---
title: "Chapter 607: Vvip Fashion Show (3)"
weight: 607
---
<p data-uid="d8a390ce-2e6d-47bb-9bae-2ed277b2b3e9"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="717d0c17-cba6-484a-9323-96e0163e2fc5"><span>[Date: January 31, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="9b33fea2-2908-4203-9948-119c8e9e9f9e"><span>-11:00 p.m. [NEW. Jung Yoo-Jin] Noh Hyun-Hee's abuse of power and assault at the scene of the second part of the L.M.L fashion show. (Emergency meeting: Discussing legal action.)</span></p><p data-uid="d246b4fc-5671-41fe-96ff-9efc2ec2ccb6"><span>The L.M.L Black Label fashion show was divided into Part 1 and Part 2.</span></p><p data-uid="9d65ccd9-6114-4123-a50c-1b0742a922c1"><span>In Part 1, the models walked out in the prepared outfits to present them to the invited VVIPs. And in Part 2, the VVIPs took their time making purchases. But on the schedule for that very Part 2, it stated that Noh Hyun-Hee, the mistress of the HK Inc., would engage in power abuse.</span></p><p data-uid="76f8416a-2b0b-4f2c-bd06-611d462592e8"><span>Normally, doing something like that at a show would earn scornful glances from the other VVIPs. It wasn't because the VVIPs were particularly nice or polite, but because they viewed such behavior as lacking in class. However, it seemed Noh Hyun-Hee was trying to vent her grudge against Yoo-Jin because of her animosity toward me.</span></p><p data-uid="2c3c1a65-d0bf-448e-97d3-c22e8ae6d6bd"><span>When I looked at Noh Hyun-Hee, she had her arms crossed and was glaring at Yoo-Jin as she walked between the chairs. It was obvious her malice toward me was now directed at Yoo-Jin. Attending a fashion show just for that purpose, I was genuinely amazed by her lowly thoughts.</span></p><p data-uid="d1ce20d4-329e-41e5-a644-6ff90641b588"><span>First, I planned to meet with Kim Ae-Ryeon to come up with a countermeasure once Part 1 of the show ended.</span></p><p data-uid="e66be180-b4d3-4309-9945-c9eda91f5dfe"><span>At that moment, Yoo-Jin appeared in a dress and walked in front of the VVIPs' chairs. Displaying confident strides, Yoo-Jin gave off a noble aura like Princess Yu-Hwa from <em>Hwaranjeon</em>.</span></p><p data-uid="b6b3f615-fe7d-459c-9685-9727145a1881"><span>Thanks to that, the dress Yoo-Jin was wearing sparkled all the more. The pure white dress she wore was called Glory, and its English name was Gloria. It was a white dress adorned with small natural pearls in a...</span></p>