---
title: "Chapter 225: Definition Of Talent"
weight: 225
---
<p data-uid="127858b2-f25d-43ee-a193-47bb489dab55">The day after saving Kang Eun-Gi, Mom finished her health checkup and received a lot of scolding from the doctor.</p><p data-uid="2f4c8d89-3a1b-4854-b0d1-e8f39f8bc9cc">He explained there was a lot of inflammation in her stomach and she needed to be careful. Mom was advised to manage her diet well from now on and to eat properly.</p><p data-uid="37fb8c3f-6edf-4547-a359-2351d2cad166">Thanks to this, Lee Yeon-Sil who was listening to the results of the checkup with us started scolding Mom with her eyes wide open. "Mom! I'll manage your diet from now on. Okay?"</p><p data-uid="ff7c6ad6-09ff-4522-8984-3afb06aa6b80">The doctor nodded and replied, "Please eat three meals a day on time and keep your mind at ease to avoid stress. If the stomach ulcer keeps recurring, it could lead to stomach cancer. Let's start with Helicobacter treatment today."</p><p data-uid="a5fbba75-e0a0-46f3-8f73-8bf47cdcbecb">There was no need to wait a week for the detailed test results because the endoscopy results were clear.</p><p data-uid="91bffa80-46b4-4bd4-9179-55773e7879c3">Lee Yeon-Sil didn't stop nagging and Mom frowned while covering her ears.</p><p data-uid="eb1dc6c5-ee5c-4c8c-8017-2c11f0ddb0bc">It was at that moment that the schedule regarding Mom's death was being deleted from the planner.</p><p data-uid="56faa8f4-5675-4ca3-a350-a7cfb3be421b">[Everyday V10.1]</p><p data-uid="0c8484fd-aeb6-438a-8387-8d138f4832ba">[Date: November 11, 2024]</p><p data-uid="6cf73282-6182-49cd-922f-f7a0bb2b4e14">-01:00 p.m. &lt;Deleted Schedule&gt;</p><p data-uid="53a9dcb4-aa50-4bf2-b42b-a2bb38a70027">(Deleted Schedule: St. Mary's Hospital Funeral Hall, 1st floor. Sister Michaela, my mom. Died in peace.)</p><p data-uid="a66a4443-b0b2-489f-a230-fd683d177f9e">'<em>No way. Could Kang Eun-Gi have been the key?</em>'</p><p data-uid="85282a00-df88-4d32-8948-b0e236baeb8c">Thanks to saving Kang Eun-Gi, Lee Eun-Sil decided to live with Mom for the time being and she could now nag at Mom from right beside her. Consequently, I was able to prevent the death of my mom which I so desperately wanted to stop.</p><p data-uid="e68211da-4708-45b6-8571-539e91ae9011">At the moment when the tangled threads...</p>