---
title: "Chapter 325: Counterattack (3)"
weight: 325
---
<p data-uid="f17adbbb-7ff0-432d-83b0-29c2906978c4"><span>Samseong-dong J Boutique Hotel was privately owned by Shin Jong-Gi, the president of LT Entertainment.</span></p><p data-uid="cb52f314-bf02-44db-904b-5ba03d565f13"><span>After receiving the call, I headed straight to J Hotel where Park Sun-Jae and his girlfriend stayed.</span></p><p data-uid="d5f13e4d-5675-4d47-a885-09bb76c253b7"><span>As I exited the elevator at the 13th floor, I could hear Jo Jae-Kyung shouting down the hallway. "Let go! Are you gonna let go or not? Hey! Attorney Kim! Sue this bastard!"</span></p><p data-uid="05c41a68-893c-4dce-9c32-bedb01f4d73c"><span>"Mr. Jo, please calm down..."</span></p><p data-uid="b685db5b-879d-44c2-8af1-41312846fac1"><span>"Calm down? What do you mean, calm down?"</span></p><p data-uid="08d605a0-526f-4f33-85f6-ed132aa0c509"><span>Jo Jae-Kyung's lawyer and bodyguards were entangled with hotel staff, security, and lawyers sent by Shin Jong-Gi.</span></p><p data-uid="2faf5133-3be4-442c-b748-c9292c8a616c"><span>Amid it all, Jo Jae-Kyung was shoving aside his lawyer and berating Park Sun-Jae. "Hey! Park Sun-Jae! I told you I'd pay you! And you still spread that in the news?"</span></p><p data-uid="426f97f2-d677-497f-b6c9-c0eb31908bcd"><span>"How many times have you just said you'd pay without actually doing it? Plus, you broke your promise to produce the movie!" Park Sun-Jae retorted</span></p><p data-uid="9d13c2e0-7845-4e57-9e2b-18fa8fbf84d2"><span>"That's because your script wasn't polished enough!"</span></p><p data-uid="32129bff-4e41-4334-9a67-3193347c8152"><span>"I've had enough. I've already decided to go with LT. I don't want to be involved with you anymore."</span></p><p data-uid="8db0bac4-7b08-4d80-9415-38cc3e37cc45"><span>Jo Jae-Kyung's face twisted in anger. "Hey, Park Sun-Jae. Do you really think you can keep working in this industry after being disrespectful to me?"</span></p><p data-uid="52c07fb2-1053-4264-b984-f4728b645c3f"><span>Park Sun-Jae flinched. It was true that LT Entertainment might be protecting him for now, but he knew that it wouldn't last forever.</span></p><p data-uid="1256c4cc-e74f-4c71-9c70-a307ee461b99"><span>The moment Park Sun-Jae hesitated and was left speechless, I stepped in. "Mr. Jo, are you threatening him right now?"</span></p><p data-uid="1a9a5c16-ab62-498c-85c8-7fd2a83cde7a"><span>Park Sun-Jae and Ahn Yoo-Joo's expressions brightened significantly when they saw m...</span></p>