---
title: "Chapter 604: Welcome To Korea (3)"
weight: 604
---
<p data-uid="4f33793d-af32-49ea-87b3-448f81f32223"><span>"You've worked hard, Ling Ling."</span></p><p data-uid="84a50b31-57f5-4a0b-b3c8-5f8ace83bc03"><span>Seo Yeon-Woo had ordered Ling Ling to avoid singing entirely for a month after she arrived back in China and to focus solely on recovering her vocal cords. And once she had improved, he instructed her to sing no more than two songs a day.</span></p><p data-uid="5c2c69e4-e7b6-4b20-9a77-75c95b3fa301"><span>Ling Ling had followed that guidance faithfully, which allowed her to now sing with a much clearer voice than before.</span></p><p data-uid="bd9d5a9d-fc48-4305-bb38-94c5b4692dff"><span>Seo Yeon-Woo nodded approvingly. He was clearly proud of Ling Ling, who had endured everything for her debut.</span></p><p data-uid="25ab871f-4dfc-4a67-b5be-4b7b998c3b2e"><span>Inside the recording booth, Ling Ling spoke with emotion.</span></p><p data-uid="45860cb5-dc21-41ea-875d-672b8a5b5d6d"><span>-Yes. I did exactly what you said. I didn't sing more than twice a day. I wanted to sing hundreds, thousands of times, but I didn't.</span></p><p data-uid="106e307d-14a3-465e-a4e6-32bdd0cdc2be"><span>"That's why you're able to produce this kind of voice now. And that desperate desire to sing made your expression even better. Thanks to that, your emotion carried beautifully through the song, and your vocal power improved as well."</span></p><p data-uid="29e6c449-9ec1-461d-87fb-5284fd07e56b"><span>Just by limiting the number of times she could sing, she had not only recovered her vocal cords but also improved her skills. It was becoming clear why Seo Yeon-Woo had become the top vocal trainer before the regression.</span></p><p data-uid="23d5f5e7-13d5-4a45-9580-99feca285c7d"><span>At those words Bang Seon-Woo, who had perfect pitch, also nodded in agreement. "Yeah. Compared to before, there's no roughness in your voice at all now; it's very clear. Like Yeon-Woo said, the way you convey emotion is amazing. And it seems like your vocal range has expanded a lot too."</span></p><p data-uid="1419bfce-930f-400e-a904-b5998fe33259"><span>Everyone in the studio began congratulating Ling Ling.</span></p><p data-uid="484adc37-bbff-49d1-8405-4bac38a7c596"><span>"Congratulations, Ling Ling!"</span></p><p data-uid="4548094a-0f43-46e4-a995-9c7f1dcd4eba"><span>"You did great, Ling Ling."</span></p><p data-uid="3070efe8-e6da-4f00-9963-031f1df42fbd"><span>Tearing up, Ling Ling stepped out of the recording booth and bowed. "Thank you, Mr. Seo! Thank...</span></p>