---
title: "Chapter 769: The Owner Of The Script (1)"
weight: 769
---
<p data-uid="a21b10eb-e2b5-4d58-8606-101b6ac213ed"><span>Kk Talk messages from Wang Mi-In started coming in rapid succession.</span></p><p data-uid="6b492f02-4857-4dc6-a96e-ee15a5f5f762"><span>[MBS Writer Wang Mi-In: About the script you sent—it's mine, even if the title's different! I originally wrote it under the title <em>She Was Beautiful</em> as an assignment for Director Go Gi-Dong's scriptwriting class.]</span></p><p data-uid="b4245ff4-05c2-45bc-9a16-e78919110160"><span>[MBS Writer Wang Mi-In: But how did it end up in your hands, Mr. Jung?]</span></p><p data-uid="f6b5bc03-51d9-4ff5-bdad-0501093bbffd"><span>So Wang Mi-In was the true author of <em>Reborn Idol</em>. And the original title was <em>She Was Beautiful</em>, the same title I had known before the regression. That meant Go Gi-Dong had taken the script Wang Mi-In submitted for class, changed the title, and circulated it among potential investors and distributors.</span></p><p data-uid="c1622f13-f06c-4c0f-bd26-57739abf20c7"><span>It also explained why no plagiarism lawsuit had emerged in my previous life. Once the film got greenlit and the investments rolled in, they must have quietly paid off Wang Mi-In, who at the time had been a struggling writer.</span></p><p data-uid="6b6e8217-b7a0-470e-9635-df8991da0009"><span>'<em>What thieves</em>!'</span></p><p data-uid="8ca2e6ab-72ea-46a5-9813-049071d61b8e"><span>Now that I knew who the rightful owner was, the outrage pouring from Cheon Yi-Sang, Park Eun-Bin, and Go Gi-Dong felt almost laughable. However, I couldn't show my emotions. Securing the rights to Wang Mi-In's script was the top priority.</span></p><p data-uid="e5a61428-12fd-4ece-92e7-bc99123b85af"><span>Besides, the fact that Cheon Yi-Sang had dragged both Go Gi-Dong and Park Eun-Bin here was suspicious in itself. It was the perfect setup for a media stunt to paint Yoo-Jin as someone who stole Park Eun-Bin's lead through coercion.</span></p><p data-uid="d81618e5-4a42-4be1-bc5c-9175409cb879"><span>I needed to get out of here fast. Without hesitation, I quickly stood up. "I understand. Then I'll step away from Mr. Go's film."</span></p><p data-uid="a1acbe20-50ac-4324-8511-eba0dbfc2d8f"><span>"What the hell?...</span></p>