---
title: "Chapter 774: Finding The Director (1)"
weight: 774
---
<p data-uid="07ff8f1e-bf59-4d5b-81b8-769e3681e5f2"><span>"My total annual salary last year including bonuses was about 1.7 billion won. And this year, it's expected to exceed 2.5 billion."</span></p><p data-uid="6a0d983a-fc75-443b-a7be-ee361b633b81"><span>I brought up my salary boldly to stop any further talk about the Jung Yoon-Ho risk. I wanted to make it clear I was being treated better than anyone else in the industry here at Hoop Entertainment.</span></p><p data-uid="05fe299d-5b95-4d5b-83d7-251a2ea4b9a5"><span>However, I didn't mention the shares I was set to receive. The 15% stake in Hoop Entertainment that Chairman Choi Eun-Tae promised me was enough to instantly make me the third-largest shareholder, and it could impact the upcoming public offering.</span></p><p data-uid="6c7428ae-60b0-4d0e-b621-f18ea85b0ba1"><span>Still, just mentioning my salary was enough to stir the room. Not only reporter Lee Joon-Hee, but all the reporters present began murmuring. After all, the figure I threw out was unimaginable for a salaried employee.</span></p><p data-uid="e7c86bd9-568d-42b8-90f2-9e4663b7c9e1"><span>-Wait, not 170 million but 1.7 billion?</span></p><p data-uid="261ed8e7-fea7-4945-9b01-d3aaf8df7c80"><span>-That's insane for someone in their twenties…</span></p><p data-uid="e085e229-2553-4879-b920-228e147b299e"><span>Of course they wouldn't believe it. A 1.7 billion won salary was the kind of money people only dreamed of.</span></p><p data-uid="5aee86e6-9c56-4a49-8929-abaa2f792a0d"><span>-That's nuts…</span></p><p data-uid="13003d9d-b70c-420c-b4b6-86af17ac2b75"><span>-Are talent agent salaries really that high? Is this even real?</span></p><p data-uid="8a8efc9d-9f3e-4404-9aaa-6af78faf882b"><span>-I heard the vice chairman of Daechon Inc. makes 2.2 billion.</span></p><p data-uid="c64fa456-7f1c-4006-8a26-7c1f18275589"><span>-Who is this guy? Why would Hoop give that kind of money to a chief?</span></p><p data-uid="6407d931-7a11-4a80-a6f2-ed5437660361"><span>-I heard there's a rumor he's President Kang Gam-Chan's hidden son. Is that true?</span></p><p data-uid="2a36e52c-1caa-4cc0-bfca-1cc0bcd24c39"><span>-Wow. This is like winning the lottery every year.</span></p><p data-uid="1f43595e-564a-4690-932e-76cca31eb0f4"><span>-Shit… I'm jealous.</span></p><p data-uid="3451f108-8c15-4ec6-8655-ed05ab077db4"><span>The reporters forgot about their articles and buzzed with excitement. My salary, on par with that of chairmen from Korea's top ten conglomerates, had that kind of impact. Of course, those owners took home tens or hundreds of billions in dividends if they wished, but just in salary terms, that was the benchmark.</span></p><p data-uid="e033454d-eb81-4dbe-9cc4-40a813b29814"><span>And here I was, still in my twenties, with a salary surpassing 2 billion this year....</span></p>