---
title: "Chapter 904: An Eye For An Eye, A Tooth For A Tooth (1)"
weight: 904
---
<p data-uid="81bf4dee-68b5-49b8-b973-db8b5de2d2ae"><span><span>CK Inc. ranked ninth among the conglomerates and was a company with immense financial power.</span></span></p><p data-uid="528b08f5-a92b-46b4-a8c1-7f6f724c5ef5"><span><span>Because content was their core business, CK Entertainment was one of the company's key divisions. That meant whenever someone attacked CK Entertainment, the CK Inc. itself stepped in to cover its weak points, just like it had done last night.</span></span></p><p data-uid="c07dbb8e-8a88-4cc9-9089-0d09dc8ba56c"><span><span>For such reasons, launching an attack against CK Entertainment was never easy. Targeting CK Entertainment practically required the same level of effort as going up against CK Inc. itself.</span></span></p><p data-uid="6febd504-9a5e-4a16-8379-71b46ac7e931"><span><span>However, even a massive dam begins to collapse from a tiny crack. So from this point on, I planned to dismantle CK Entertainment's business piece by piece. And as the first step, I intended to poach the staff from the films CK Entertainment was distributing, just like they had done to me. Just like how CK Entertainment had bribed the director and pulled away the production staff of </span><em><span>She Was Beautiful</span></em><span>.</span></span></p><p data-uid="e274bb10-724a-4dc6-b9ca-69a4378b15cc"><span><span>'</span><em><span>An eye for an eye. A tooth for a tooth</span></em><span>.'</span></span></p><p data-uid="b9d9cece-5d2d-43d5-b551-0f38fa91433f"><span><span>"Alright, let's stop here."</span></span></p><p data-uid="e4bf4759-d4b0-4bd4-b6e1-6d2318f0aef3"><span><span>The moment I heard President Kang Gam-Chan end the meeting about our response to CK Entertainment, I stood up from my seat. Then I went down to the fourth floor, picked up Kim Si-Jin, and headed straight to LT Entertainment in Samseong-dong.</span></span></p><p data-uid="75c92525-62a9-4b5d-8cda-c79158a909cc" style="text-align: center"><span><span>***</span></span></p><p data-uid="aabbcfb8-686a-4633-b8ea-54dec8c34034"><span><span>At the president's office at LT Entertainment's headquarters in Samseong-dong, Shin Jong-Ki and Lee Eun-Joo greeted Kim Si-Jin and me.</span></span></p><p data-uid="898c7ea6-b2f6-4754-80b0-0e97b493b693"><span><span>After we shook hands and sat down, Shin Jong-Ki started by apologizing for what had happened last night. "I didn't expect CK Inc. to step in and cover up the CK Entertainment situation that quickly. I'm sorry, Chief Jung."</span></span></p><p data-uid="7f03e5f3-2e58-4a9c-bb76-3add1b98cff6"><span><span>When something moved at the group level, the only way to counter it was with another group-level response. The power of a single affiliate and that of an...</span></span></p>