---
title: "Chapter 715: Angel'S Gift (1)"
weight: 715
---
<p data-uid="869805bc-c4f7-4f1c-9451-1fad10a95247"><span>[Everyday V13]</span></p><p data-uid="279ff54c-b598-431d-9b5d-c7ffaa097dfe"><span>[Date: March 6, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="afa8c6f4-836d-456d-91cb-2ad359a36f95"><span>[Fortune of the Day: You'll receive unexpected news of a death. Prepare mourning clothes in advance.]</span></p><p data-uid="20b0b946-d78c-45fe-912e-401cc33c2e40"><span>Everyday sent out a warning alert whenever I heard news about someone involved or came into contact with them directly. In other words, if a death notice showed up on the schedule entry, it meant someone in this car or someone close to them was going to die.</span></p><p data-uid="95f6d0f0-6af2-42b3-bad9-921b3c51f6ad"><span>I quickly looked around. In the passenger seat beside me sat Kang Eun-Gi, and in the back were Chae Mi-Hyun, the queen of romantic comedies representing Reverse Entertainment. Beside her sat Yoo Jung-Ae, her maternal cousin and stylist.</span></p><p data-uid="f515ec4a-10cc-4a9d-bc09-cc7be4c0027a"><span>The first person who came to mind was Kang Eun-Gi or someone in his family. Since we were in the middle of a shareholder war at Hoop Entertainment, it was possible that Choi Man-Sik might make a move. However, Lee Yeon-Sil and the babies were under multiple layers of protection at Seven Star Hospital. And Choi Eun-Tae was also receiving much tighter security than usual.</span></p><p data-uid="90dedb60-ee2b-45f8-85e9-967f4c63cf0a"><span>So the chances were the fortune probably wasn't about them. That meant the most likely target was one of the people reflected in the rearview mirror: Chae Mi-Hyun or someone in her family.</span></p><p data-uid="9b6a338c-602d-4f83-aab9-2f2c48f2c10a"><span>The most likely candidate was the person we were about to meet—Chae Mi-Hyun's younger brother. Her younger brother, Chae Seok-Hyun, was seventeen years old and had an intellectual disability.</span></p><p data-uid="d896050a-7d6d-4dcb-84d0-e03705650073"><span>Even before the regression, he had met a tragic end. When his older sister couldn't visit for one week because her flight was canceled, he snuck out to meet her without telling their grandmother and got into a car accident.</span></p><p data-uid="a60c1cf3-22fe-4b4b-8aa3-72053aea036f"><span>But after...</span></p>