---
title: "Chapter 527: Tectonic Shift (2)"
weight: 527
---
<p data-uid="253fc891-e536-403a-99ef-5ac6c1c4649f"><span>-This afternoon, my father has a dinner appointment with people from HK Inc. Apparently, President Hong Seok-Joon of HK Electronics would be there.</span></p><p data-uid="127956cd-b130-4414-a265-c8efc1a1f8d1"><span>Hong Seok-Joon, the president of HK Electronics, was the third son of HK Inc and an unmarried man of 34. When business figures brought their children to such meetings, it was almost always a setup for a matchmaking arrangement.</span></p><p data-uid="ebcfcc87-40cd-4854-99b7-ba31c015fa19"><span>Jin Ah-Ram was asking me for help to avoid that situation.</span></p><p data-uid="ae9220b2-d6ff-468a-889a-0e8a881acbe1"><span>"Are you planning to use me as a shield?"</span></p><p data-uid="b96b944e-227b-4815-8509-64184c58a7a5"><span>Jin Ah-Ram's voice shot up in surprise.</span></p><p data-uid="662f7f95-63bf-48f9-ad62-4c3b8418e5e6"><span>-Oh, no! Absolutely not. I just cleared my schedule for today to rest at home, so I need a good excuse. You just have to go and talk business.</span></p><p data-uid="41f025e4-c185-4a7f-82f3-6adfa67fee6d"><span>Even though things might not go as smoothly as Jin Ah-Ram hoped, I couldn't refuse. From the moment I accepted the JS Club card, I had essentially become her ally in this succession war.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="99566eae-3c99-473e-8aee-507e2aad0be2"><span>Moreover, if she got involved with Hong Seok-Joon at this stage, it would make my own battle for the Jinseong Inc's succession much more difficult. After all, my partner in this fight would keep getting dragged into meetings with him.</span></p><p data-uid="54c9a772-9474-4a4f-b4fb-30fbacf3060c"><span>For now, I had no choice but to accept her request.</span></p><p data-uid="9da2134a-05df-45be-a146-71af1a0c0438"><span>"Alright, let's do it."</span></p><p data-uid="6d29701c-3272-44b7-90d2-33db80bd6cfb"><span>-Yay! I'll head over to you now.</span></p><p data-uid="c40db191-7848-4e58-b025-bd569aa6a49b"><span>Despite her usual icy demeanor as Jinseong Inc's 'Ice Princess,' Jin Ah-Ram acted like any other woman in her twenties when she was around me.</span></p><p data-uid="c16ee22b-ebce-47df-bd75-22262b3c60ec"><span>"I'll wait for you at Reverse Entertainment."</span></p><p data-uid="c9c92492-9b4c-4313-a1d1-4af7bf20a749"><span>-I'm...</span></p>