---
title: "Chapter 662: Collision (4)"
weight: 662
---
<p data-uid="ec33234c-63cd-4d3d-89eb-8d1645f05f36"><span>The staff checking the visitation reservation number tilted their head and said, "Prisoner number 1174 has been reclassified to level 3. Since the visitation schedule has changed, please check again and come back later."</span></p><p data-uid="a79eae9d-a2f5-49e8-8a5e-c5ba4760203f"><span>Once sentenced and imprisoned, prisoners were managed according to their assigned levels. These levels ranged from 1 to 5, with level 5 indicating the most dangerous offenders who faced restrictions on visitations and phone calls.</span></p><p data-uid="db13dd9b-c8a5-40c7-b811-05dcd5a96094"><span>Kang Eun-Gi had been a model prisoner with level 1 status, which allowed daily visits and calls. However, he had suddenly been demoted to level 3, typically given to violent offenders, repeat criminals, or those who caused serious incidents inside the prison.</span></p><p data-uid="c7615db7-c8fe-455d-ba26-387739a3acb4"><span>At that moment, Lee Soo-Chan couldn't hold back and raised his voice. "He was level 1 just yesterday. Why was his level changed all of a sudden? Aren't the updates announced on the 10th of each month?"</span></p><p data-uid="05a05685-1923-4296-981c-033f741eada1"><span>The staff at the reception desk looked at us and shrugged. "Beats me. I'm just going off the information on the system. You should check through his lawyer for more details."</span></p><p data-uid="1a79e377-f04d-4dac-9735-2dd9222d0153"><span>Since today's visit was supposed to be routine, Lim Hyung-Joo, the legal director from Reverse Entertainment, hadn't come with us.</span></p><p data-uid="0bea17ae-d64e-49bf-8d20-4677ea624076"><span>The fuming Lee Soo-Chan immediately pulled out his phone and called Lim Hyung-Joo.</span></p><p data-uid="28357b8f-3d5c-4b26-a83e-049546540b15"><span>"Mr. Lee, hyung-nim got downgraded to level 3! Didn't you hear anything when you visited yesterday?"</span></p><p data-uid="3cc0168d-869e-4ccf-8f94-976400d921d4"><span>-Pardon me? What are you talking about? When I visited yesterday, he was still level 1. I'll check right away.</span></p><p data-uid="2b532929-b3fc-45b5-9fa6-76fc07038475"><span>"Yes, please do. Mom and Yeon-Sil are here too, and we can't even see him."</span></p><p data-uid="83d94e20-6cd6-459c-93c2-59e33d6d405a"><span>-I'll look into it and call you back immediately.</span></p><p data-uid="972ee083-a80d-41cb-a997-e5ca702b461a"><span><em>Click.</em></span></p><p data-uid="25b8de66-f87b-4a73-9622-3edd9fdcd946"><span>The call ended, and Lee Soo-Chan trembled with anger. At that moment, I placed my hand on his shoulder. Lee Soo-Chan quickly...</span></p>