---
title: "Chapter 864: Cover Photo (1)"
weight: 864
---
<p data-uid="84344f07-55f1-43ee-83e9-af312f689dca"><span><span>"To star in a project with my mom as co-leads and win a joint Grand Prize!"</span></span></p><p data-uid="07b1e977-9b90-4547-a90f-143942ac12a5"><span><span>Miso had some big dreams. Most actors, when asked about their dreams, usually gave vague answers sprinkled with poetic metaphors, talking about longevity or artistry. However, Miso was different. She gave a clear, confident answer.</span></span></p><p data-uid="ed0a7340-98a3-43a8-8ce8-b1195cd0574b"><span><span>She wanted to share the lead role with Yoo-Jin and win a Grand Prize together.</span></span></p><p data-uid="d0763d85-d8e4-420a-b3bc-c9ace2e1e637"><span><span>It meant she didn't just want to be a child actor—she wanted to stand shoulder to shoulder with her mother, one of the most talented actresses in Korea.</span></span></p><p data-uid="896f981b-e9e0-4ec2-9cda-a08799e80991"><span><span>Jang Ji-Hye looked visibly surprised and asked again, "Does your mom know about your dream as an actress?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="0bda3f2d-b6ad-477d-b8da-1a083255fd8f"><span><span>Just then, Miso let out a soft sigh. "Yeah…"</span></span></p><p data-uid="391e1d71-871e-4996-978a-61b8486728ae"><span><span>Jang Ji-Hye tilted her head, puzzled. "Why the sigh?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="781bdd5f-f2fe-4e41-af79-68afafeafed9"><span><span>With a worried look, Miso lifted her head. "Mom says I should aim to be a better actress than her. She said that my dream is too small."</span></span></p><p data-uid="663c07b1-0964-4a16-a337-6602cc5c2f92"><span><span>'</span><em><span>Yoo-Jin thought dreaming of standing alongside her was too small? Yoo-Jin, what on earth did you say to her</span></em><span>?'</span></span></p><p data-uid="486e64fb-bd23-4b37-ac0b-4a1e656e8d93"><span><span>The truth was, what Miso wanted—to share the lead and win a Grand Prize together—was no small feat at all. Setting aside the project itself, just shedding the label of 'child actor' wasn't something that could be done with good acting alone. It would take a performance so exceptional it completely erased the image of being a kid, one that could dominate even seasoned adult actors.</span></span></p><p data-uid="4ce27ccf-aecf-4f02-bee8-5a48bac0d835"><span><span>And to match Yoo-Jin on-screen meant not just holding her own against Korea's top actress, but performing at her level or better.</span></span></p><p data-uid="2b17c5bf-e560-4adc-87cf-e4f94a77557c"><span><span>'</span><em><span>Is that even possible</span></em><span>?'</span></span></p><p data-uid="ba5ce6f1-2e9e-4594-b51b-dcfb7ebd0959"><span><span>Jang Ji-Hye, clearly just as baffled, asked again. "Your mom really...</span></span></p>