---
title: "Chapter 455: Jung Coffee (2)"
weight: 455
---
<p data-uid="3f58377c-cc71-430c-963b-146391473a0a"><span>'</span><em><span>What is this? Why is he bowing to me?</span></em><span>'</span></p><p data-uid="c3c45b5e-37ad-44d3-8029-151491909672"><span>Jin Sung-Joon, the third son of Jinseong Inc ranked 25th among conglomerates, and the executive director of Jinseong Foods, was slowly bowing his head.</span></p><p data-uid="02c68cfb-ef40-448d-98a3-98815d1a44da"><span>I blinked, wondering if what I was seeing was real. The so-called royal family was bowing not to a prosecutor or even the President, but to a talent agent in this underground parking lot where no one was watching.</span></p><p data-uid="c9753744-b81f-4740-ad48-f60d76d16459"><span>Jin Sung-Joon said, "I must have said something unnecessary. Please forgive me if I have unsettled your mind."</span></p><p data-uid="dfea05bc-e4e4-4fea-b793-58b26115b77a"><span>At that moment, Yeo Jin-Soo standing beside Jin Sung-Joon, also bowed his head. "I apologize, Mr. Jung."</span></p><p data-uid="76d3c7ec-7f28-4a12-a070-2b4f235c0852"><span>I immediately lifted the two of them up. "What are you doing? Please stand up."</span></p><p data-uid="04a68d34-c0aa-4189-a251-b1fb9eeb45fa"><span>The two slowly raised their heads. "Does this mean you forgive us?"</span></p><p data-uid="b06714d3-8523-4e46-9c7f-ac7dfc6eb51d"><span>I began to think that all of this might be an act. But even if it was, I couldn't coldly dismiss them when they were apologizing this earnestly.</span></p><p data-uid="67f8c2e2-5f67-4028-ae9b-2ed0fc2ca857"><span>Instead, I began to speak tactfully. "What is there to forgive? Many people come to me asking for fortune-telling or to choose an auspicious moving date. But I'm hopeless in such areas. I don't see anything at all."</span></p><p data-uid="d1bd93cb-046b-4cf3-92e9-96c16aec36df"><span>"Is that so…?"</span></p><p data-uid="19269543-3ff1-4d88-a1eb-61731eb47d6a"><span>"I feel sorry instead."</span></p><p data-uid="1d17b8e2-2fc1-42f6-9429-4d50a499fb5d"><span>I added that I didn't know much about other fields with an awkward expression.</span></p><p data-uid="5ab26146-44b8-45d2-8f43-6fff078ccfd0"><span>Jin Sung-Joon's request for help concerned his succession battle.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="d1ea14a9-7435-420e-ac76-ab91cd922342"><span>In the past, I had intervened in a similar situation during Daechon Inc's succession struggle. However, that was because Daechon Inc's Vice President Kim Ae-Ja had targeted Lee Tae-Poong. With no such dangers present, I had no reason to get involved...</span></p>