---
title: "Chapter 485: Unexpected Event (3)"
weight: 485
---
<p data-uid="74510812-10c1-42bd-b79b-e7db67d2bfa8"><em><span>Whoosh!</span></em></p><p data-uid="57e231a7-e05f-4ee5-8b5d-034d23491b6f"><span>The swords wielded by Lee Tae-Yeon and Yoon Joo-Yeon sliced dangerously close to Yoo-Jin's neck from both sides. The distance was so perilously tight that even a slight movement of Yoo-Jin's head could have caused her to be grazed.</span></p><p data-uid="18a7c689-0fad-4490-bad6-a6bd16b5dae8"><span>At that moment, Yoo-Jin suddenly stopped her elegant movements and held her sword high in the air.</span></p><p data-uid="ec9ee31f-7800-4a54-9b95-c6f9ff4b8862"><span>In that instant, the two blades swung by Lee Tae-Yeon and Yoon Joo-Yeon passed mere centimeters from either side of Yoo-Jin's neck, their trajectories breathtakingly close. The gap was so narrow that only seasoned stunt doubles would typically perform such a sequence.</span></p><p data-uid="04b22e6c-6a43-466a-83c2-7d737b040d91"><em><span>Whoosh!</span></em></p><p data-uid="401f1bab-0b9a-4239-b2d6-742ed1a34771"><span>The two actresses completed their turns and their skirts slowly settled back down as they came to a stop.</span></p><p data-uid="29fcd739-a292-4618-9a8c-97f9778f492e"><span>As Lee Tae-Yeon and Yoon Joo-Yeon ended their sword dance, the visibly alarmed Oh Bok-Hee opened her mouth to shout for a halt.</span></p><p data-uid="7e38da18-a0d4-4c2e-aaac-23903706c825"><span>But I quickly stepped in and whispered to her,&nbsp; "Wait, Mrs. Oh. Just a moment."</span></p><p data-uid="f68dbb0a-d677-4e75-9428-2579f5ee58dc"><span>Oh Bok-Hee stopped and looked at me with a confused expression.</span></p><p data-uid="e191a9b6-872c-47f4-94ae-402ed0201e5d"><span>At that precise moment, Yoo-Jin, who had been standing frozen like a statue, lowered her sword. The blade traced a graceful arc as it descended, and Yoo-Jin's movements flowed seamlessly into a beautiful finale.</span></p><p data-uid="b06287be-f69b-4388-8996-3d1af561b097"><span>When the sword's tip finally pointed downward, Yoo-Jin's mesmerizing sword dance was complete.</span></p><p data-uid="1927fe4c-4073-4a18-be25-2c23870a8bfd"><span>Yoo-Jin exhaled deeply as she returned the sword to its sheath. Then she gazed down at the two queens still catching their breath with her expression calm and composed in silence.</span></p><p data-uid="7e825995-5915-4c6b-8a3e-7e1aa7478eef"><span>Just then, a gust of wind swept through the set.</span></p><p data-uid="11fe7cc4-afe3-49d1-a5b6-cae9212ac59d"><em><span>Whoosh!</span></em></p><p data-uid="a6472fee-a9d2-403c-af36-4cec0d8cca1b"><span>Yoo-Jin's layered silk costume billowed dramatically in the wind, creating an unintentional but picture-perfect moment. The scene meant to highlight Princess Yu-Hwa's bold and resolute nature...</span></p>