---
title: "Chapter 706: Setup (4)"
weight: 706
---
<p data-uid="a7e86d2a-d68e-4c45-97a8-44c3bef6a8d5"><span>I held out my phone in front of Kang Eun-Gi, Choi Yung-Ho, and Tae Beom-Gu. It was filled with information sent by the programmer Lee Doo-Oh, whom I had connected with through the Ticket King incident.</span></p><p data-uid="5fb18aed-d2ad-41a8-a1ff-347685e1f81d"><span>[Entertainment Daily Report]</span></p><p data-uid="8414be1f-803f-4400-a677-7214fe1fb5b0"><span>[March 3, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="1fc060b4-a913-456d-8323-f491aaa691cc"><span>[Sender: L]</span></p><p data-uid="352c2fae-52f4-4f4a-8a9a-4dd4fe5402ad"><span>-1. <em>Hwaranjeon</em> is trending on portals. (2,300 mentions per minute, likely due to today's broadcast preview.)</span></p><p data-uid="913f1c1f-12f9-4048-b1f2-b68a346ac2b7"><span>-2. 5959 Chicken. Rumor has it Ms. Park Seo-Hye might become their advertising model. (Her social media and MeTube channel are seeing a sharp rise in mentions of 5959 Chicken.)</span></p><p data-uid="bbcd89ce-a747-4241-8ee3-2cdc902a73b8"><span>-3. <em>Jiri Mountain</em> is adjusting its screen count. (New film release from CK Entertainment.)</span></p><p data-uid="b08e3ecb-db8b-456d-9b10-6666e6a7c573"><span>-4. KBC's <em>Queen Jeong-Hee</em> is seeing a surge in social media traffic. (Ad count has increased in advance, article volume up 2.5x.)</span></p><p data-uid="351bf052-7597-477c-9bb1-6d02ad4fe19e"><span>…</span></p><p data-uid="2d6e835b-d8f2-493c-88b6-7d8110edc558"><span>Two months ago, Lee Doo-Oh had started clipping entertainment-related articles and sending them to me. He even organized them, hoping they would be helpful.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="f19b2343-dad2-4861-866c-98e29195ac58"><span>As someone who had returned to the past, I didn't really need them—especially since I had the powerful Everday. But recently, the quality of his information had changed. Lee Doo-Oh began automatically analyzing social media, articles, and search trends to send genuinely useful content.</span></p><p data-uid="68f10e8f-afbe-488f-989d-5a2de38fe30d"><span>At that moment, I realized I could use his reports as a cover story in case something went wrong. I asked Lee Doo-Oh to act as an anonymous informant, and he gladly accepted. So now, I could show this file he prepared to the people gathered in the BM Report underground office and explain today's events.</span></p><p data-uid="ffd12b78-5574-4093-a398-f044257333ec"><span>I explained, "My information team delivers entertainment industry updates daily. We chose 5959 Chicken because we already knew the company's CEO was committing infidelity and...</span></p>