---
title: "Chapter 618: Jiri Mountain Premier (3)"
weight: 618
---
<p data-uid="4c2a3cae-91d3-4fdf-903e-132dda399610"><span>"There will be no joint project with Hwayeon."</span></p><p data-uid="40a442d9-196e-4550-a64f-6674bda23851"><span>"Pardon me?"</span></p><p data-uid="8e55826a-b3f7-4e1b-a1fb-154a1f5d7502"><span>'<em>Such a swift severance!</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="d459631b-85b2-4661-ae4f-31595ca721b5"><span>Shin Jong-Ki smiled at my surprised expression. "Why are you so shocked? No matter how tempting Ryu Shin's offer is, I have no intention of pursuing it at the cost of being at odds with you."</span></p><p data-uid="ee004501-16cf-42b4-9670-877c59c831e6"><span>Since the 2000s, the conglomerates became fed up with the outdated ways of Chungmuro and the three major broadcasters. Hence they began jumping directly into content businesses like entertainment, theaters, film, and drama production.</span></p><p data-uid="b963f666-25f4-4576-ab34-eb5c57fc8b27"><span>However, they only appointed professional managers and didn't get deeply involved. For conglomerates, content was still a minor industry compared to construction or chemicals. Yet, Shin Jong-Ki said bold investment in content was essential for the future.</span></p><p data-uid="95327d4a-13ba-4437-9606-c66c73b294ba"><span>With that conviction, Shin Jong-Ki turned LT Entertainment into one of the company's core affiliates. And with that vision, he chose me over Ryu Shin when all I had done was mention that Ryu Shin and I were on bad terms.</span></p><p data-uid="d020a847-00f1-47f3-8271-c88b4bfba038"><span>"The content business I pursue isn't about investing in tangible goods, but in potential. And to my eyes, you're the most promising blue-chip out there. Do you think I'd throw you away for some petty cash?"</span></p><p data-uid="fe86434a-2b74-412d-a71f-f011326af527"><span>Shin Jong-Ki dismissed a hundred billion won as mere petty cash and chose me over money.</span></p><p data-uid="546e497d-1808-42cc-947c-a9845a3cd06a"><span>"Thank you, Mr. President."</span></p><p data-uid="95a75d92-1fb0-48c4-bcf1-303ee78770ee"><span>There's no need to thank me."</span></p><p data-uid="9dc6fc2a-13fc-4c5e-b266-0f45e1c6875f"><span>After briefly bowing my head, I asked about Ryu Shin, who was approaching us. "Then, um… What will you do about Ryu...</span></p>