---
title: "Chapter 638: Offer (3)"
weight: 638
---
<p data-uid="ba4cb58c-c528-462d-83a8-97fb9ae278b7"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="1298b8b2-deff-485e-be88-499940df3e82"><span>[Date: March 7, 2023]</span></p><p data-uid="fa37d97b-152a-4aa4-bd74-1215764cac33"><span>-10:00 p.m.: &lt;Entertainment Everywhere&gt; Senior executive L from a global film production company was taken into custody for drunken misconduct at the J Hotel club.</span></p><p data-uid="9d1ae015-5f16-4269-885c-27b4b615a6de"><span>(Meeting Agenda: Consider ways to get Richard Kane out of the holding cell.)</span></p><p data-uid="f9203da5-9158-4fab-875e-215c4a6343c3"><span>Before the regression, Richard Kane enjoyed partying with ordinary women at a club in the basement of his hotel whenever he visited Korea. However, since his security team was extremely thorough, his private life had never been exposed to the outside world.</span></p><p data-uid="5ff28a48-fc5e-40fe-964f-9cd0843610a9"><span>Yet two years from now, a rookie reporter who went undercover to investigate celebrities' hotel club activities would discover Richard Kane's private life. It happened because that day, he went down to the club alone without his security team.</span></p><p data-uid="a1c52f51-2792-4708-b761-a2884e59739e"><span>At that time, I received orders to clean up the aftermath because Kim Dong-Soo was entertaining Richard Kane. I had to use my connections with the police to get Richard Kane out of the holding cell.</span></p><p data-uid="b6960ce2-a8eb-4a49-8e8a-eac322fd4f14"><span>'<em>Thinking back, I really did all sorts of dirty work before the regression.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="eae4c59c-dd5e-4d25-81ea-ff0b7aa19b8e"><span>Anyway, Richard Kane ended up in a very difficult situation because of that incident. His wife Angelina, a Hollywood film producer as famous as her husband, saw the article from Korea and immediately filed for divorce with a massive alimony claim.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="01e53a0f-8a7e-49dd-a092-5b874c5745b6"><span>Because of that, Richard Kane lost nearly a hundred billion won in alimony and couldn't show his face in the film industry for years when he returned to the U.S.</span></p><p data-uid="2b67bb00-8231-451b-8e32-03efe552e4fb"><span>I mentioned that fact to Shin Jong-Ki. "Whenever Vice President Richard comes to Korea, he rents a room in the hotel basement club and throws parties with women. So if we can get photos of...</span></p>