---
title: "Chapter 538: Leaders Club (2)"
weight: 538
---
<p data-uid="f25904d5-4428-4ca1-beb8-f95746d25989"><span>I told the true leader of the Leaders Club, Jung In-Hwan, what was going to happen to Hong Seok-Joon.</span></p><p data-uid="6c70c6dd-fc27-4549-852d-ace8cb11805c"><span>"If you have any shares in HK Electronics, it'd be best to get rid of them. That place is going to collapse because of owner risk."</span></p><p data-uid="5ee259a1-db94-427f-b97e-cae669223f0c"><span>Jung In-Hwan and the other Leaders members widened their eyes.</span></p><p data-uid="0d5a11f9-1cc7-4fab-b0c4-f324a11ad2d1"><span>"Are you serious?"</span></p><p data-uid="82e4690e-ca73-4c61-9506-2f6f494263b2"><span>"Really, Chief Jung?"</span></p><p data-uid="d7e5ab48-9597-45fb-a538-6434e4599a50"><span>The mocking expressions on the Leaders Club members' faces vanished in an instant. Because they had invested in each other's companies, if HK Electronics went down, they stood to lose a lot.</span></p><p data-uid="c49178b7-4fa6-4df5-8aa6-63c3cfd2699c"><span>Suddenly, Hong Seok-Joon shot up from his seat and shouted, "This guy's completely insane! Why would our company go under!?"</span></p><p data-uid="496babb6-43c9-4e98-a4a4-11d2f91f6e29"><span>He yelled and turned to the security guards.</span></p><p data-uid="cc02bd2b-ef31-4ff0-94ce-d686a8d714de"><span>"Hey! What are you guys doing? Get this lunatic out of here already!"</span></p><p data-uid="0263768f-9bb9-4420-93ee-278c6fc5bdc3"><span>The security guards started to move, but Jung In-Hwan raised a hand and stopped them. "Wait. Hold it. Since we gave him a chance, let's hear him out till the end."</span></p><p data-uid="290979b8-3306-4c92-b860-b4ac4f0d7e6b"><span>Hong Seok-Joon burst out in anger. "In-Hwan! Are you seriously believing this bastard?"</span></p><p data-uid="7300d7c1-90d5-42e4-b627-a1b782d7b3ca"><span>"I never said I believed him. I'm just saying we should hear him out. I mean, aren't you curious why he thinks solid HK Electronics will fall? Right? They say Chief Jung's known as a fortune teller in the industry. Let's just hear him."</span></p><p data-uid="050605d0-c4df-4063-b773-c062a16aa084"><span>Hong Seok-Joon clenched his teeth and barely held back his rage because going against Jung In-Hwan could get him kicked out as well.</span></p><p data-uid="54ce8a3a-69fd-43c2-aa9d-70028b8c628a"><span>"Fine... But if this turns out to be nonsense, he's mine. I'll tear this bastard apart today!"</span></p><p data-uid="d5c6b837-6fb2-4db2-aefb-c27547ea1096"><span>"Sure. Let's listen to the story...</span></p>