---
title: "Chapter 566: Check (1)"
weight: 566
---
<p data-uid="c4d73b3a-885f-47dd-8d74-bd1f6a4b0969"><span>Oh Bok-Hee finally gave the first-minute viewership ratings for <em>Hwaranjeon</em>.</span></p><p data-uid="1e6d8c87-a399-4e73-9d57-76efa1f72647"><span>-We kicked off with 17.3 percent in the first minute!</span></p><p data-uid="7a2aec73-2438-4d0c-a8dc-75577798c387"><span>"Over 17 percent?"</span></p><p data-uid="d62b0e7b-7509-433d-86fc-7b0521c2dd3a"><span>-Yes. MBS says it's the highest debut since <em>The Hidden Side of Marriage</em> four years ago. Everyone from the drama division to programming is going wild. They're calling it our World Cup semifinals moment.</span></p><p data-uid="af5826c7-92d4-4677-8080-c95f69fdd93f"><span><em>The Hidden Side of Marriage</em> had made headlines four years ago as a textbook example of a sensational drama, surpassing 40 percent in viewership ratings. Its first episode had opened with 17.1 percent. Now that record had been broken, and MBS was in a frenzy.</span></p><p data-uid="ebcc33eb-2633-4f08-849f-22072287e4fb"><span>"What about <em>Queen Jeong-Hee</em>?"</span></p><p data-uid="453f7e98-dc2c-49d9-beb9-4abd869a55c3"><span>-That started at 13.2 percent.</span></p><p data-uid="377bab67-2373-4981-bec0-85875a752234"><span>We had expected the numbers to be close, but the gap turned out to be significant.</span></p><p data-uid="d4dd14b9-039e-4e8d-868d-9fbc776c18c5"><span>"Looks like today's events had an effect."</span></p><p data-uid="5f182a67-2e50-4a8d-ab4e-46a42c4126b5"><span>Park Chan-Sik had spent more than double the promo budget on <em>Queen Jeong-Hee</em>, but the back-to-back scandals involving Hyun Sang-Beom and himself turned the tide in our favor.</span></p><p data-uid="85369155-4d0c-4554-b907-51ee7d04c099"><span>-That, and thanks to the power of the You &amp; Me fan club. Women in their 30s and 40s seem to be flocking to us.</span></p><p data-uid="12ac4f12-9fb1-487f-9dc5-146af745a6e0"><span>You &amp; Me, the fan club for Yoo-Jin and Miso, had gone all out on community platforms, amplifying the earlier incident involving the reporter at Miso's roll call. A subgroup called Miso's Guardians had also rallied hard, drawing strong reactions from parents in their 30s and 40s.</span></p><p data-uid="05d47db8-368f-4d93-93cf-eea4453cac6f"><span>"From how things are going, our drama should stay ahead for now."</span></p><p data-uid="1483c788-279d-4f11-b0ac-bdbc2a746c80"><span>-That's what I think too, though we'll have to wait and see. I'll...</span></p>