---
title: "Chapter 450: Hwangryong Film Association (4)"
weight: 450
---
<p data-uid="acffbb2f-7736-42ee-871a-dc84715eb3b7"><span>"Oppa. When you take care of me like this, I can't help but fall for you again."</span></p><p data-uid="5ef54bab-ac5f-4c15-99a5-864a2e9c0ac1"><span>What I did out of habit ended up causing a misunderstanding. Ever since rejecting her confession in China, Ju Yung-In seemed to have dropped all boundaries with me and openly expressed her feelings.</span></p><p data-uid="39cbda31-58d9-4e4c-bb18-88f04d48f171"><span>I was momentarily flustered by Ju Yung-In's attitude but took a deep breath and replied as casually as possible. "It's just a habit. Don't read too much into it."</span></p><p data-uid="3d53bb6c-af77-4cf3-8802-f82935b24a55"><span>Ju Yung-In smiled and brought the straw to her lips. "Doesn't matter if it's a habit. Either way, thank you, oppa."</span></p><p data-uid="0f9e64cb-848e-4294-825b-8e8ccc6b6417"><span>She expressed her gratitude nonchalantly and began drinking the water with vigor. We weren't this close before the regression, but Ju Yung-In had also changed significantly.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="d240dd0e-ffcc-47ca-b8a5-883abd2b2581"><span>At that moment, the door clicked open and Jo Ah-Yeon appeared. "</span><em><span>Huff, huff, huff.</span></em><span> Mr. Jung, everyone has arrived."</span></p><p data-uid="6641e989-2ed1-4dc0-b94e-536d9e482818"><span>Behind Jo Ah-Yeon, Do Ran-Hee leading Kang Ha-Na, Kim Jong-Hoon, and Bang Seon-Woo came into view.</span></p><p data-uid="a1bea3ae-f7b5-45fe-aa1b-e752aa786ff0"><span>Do Ran-Hee with her face red and out of breath spoke rapidly as if on fast-forward. "</span><em><span>Huff, huff</span></em><span>… Mr. Jung, I'm here… Mr. Lee and Mr. Han are running over now, and the rest are coming with the Cherry Blossom members by car. </span><em><span>Huff, huff, huff</span></em><span>…"</span></p><p data-uid="c85cdedd-9ba9-4c9a-8b66-a29858ce07e3"><span>It was now 8:40 p.m. with little time left until the performance.</span></p><p data-uid="3b05d3bb-d2c8-4dc9-8eea-2db28159ea6e"><span>I asked, "Seon-Woo, we'll need to rehearse here. Is that okay?"</span></p><p data-uid="161801c8-bc1c-4029-9524-2ecd950457a7"><span>Bang Seon-Woo nodded. "Yes. Ha-Na noona has sung this song hundreds of times. She could do it with her eyes closed. We've also split the parts while coming here."</span></p><p data-uid="3dc22b25-7d09-4d4b-9d79-ba458671ad16"><span>"Is that so? Good. Then...</span></p>