---
title: "Chapter 656: Han So-Won (2)"
weight: 656
---
<p data-uid="324a37d9-a35d-43b3-aebf-347a371079b2"><span>Kim Soo-Myung was frowning as he said something unbelievable. "She's suffering from malnutrition."</span></p><p data-uid="fefec195-7a52-4a10-9370-f3e02270ed63"><span>"Malnutrition…?"</span></p><p data-uid="80a45ed7-9019-4f20-9ac0-563ad259f51b"><span>"Yes. She's so cheerful that I didn't notice at first, but I was shocked during the examination."</span></p><p data-uid="d5126dd7-5811-4a03-8222-9041d77b647e"><span>I had asked him to check for anemia, but I couldn't believe Han So-Won was suffering from malnutrition.</span></p><p data-uid="7f0f01cf-7218-4232-9a5b-056baa4f84a5"><span>"Is it caused by anemia?" I asked.</span></p><p data-uid="32b32d64-fffb-40d1-856d-24204916abdb"><span>Kim Soo-Myung shook his head. "No. It's worse than something that could be explained by anemia alone."</span></p><p data-uid="47e67232-f40b-474d-ad87-4060c469a9da"><span>"Then what is it?"</span></p><p data-uid="e8373c4a-5773-478d-a128-53335aa800d8"><span>Kim Soo-Myung hesitated, then asked, "Was she affiliated with an agency by chance? Maybe she was forced to follow a strict diet while training?"</span></p><p data-uid="392a5955-4318-41e3-b826-8f72bf773aa1"><span>"No. She said she went to an academy for two months and afterward only practiced alone at a coin karaoke."</span></p><p data-uid="ceb79a4d-34ba-443d-919a-8ea661e9428b"><span>Kim Soo-Myung scratched his head. "Huh… then why is she like this? There were no signs of an eating disorder…"</span></p><p data-uid="bb498bdd-150b-42a5-969a-3c99dbe5f47e"><span>I asked, just in case, "Did you conduct a full interview?"</span></p><p data-uid="510ab28c-6f39-42ce-b034-cbb376a60d10"><span>"When we began the exam, her condition was worse than expected, so I started with an IV drip. But as soon as she lay down, she fell asleep."</span></p><p data-uid="6be11129-40fd-42ed-a0ce-7e68db336c66"><span>'<em>Malnutrition and sleep deprivation…</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="5c4a4e22-83fe-4249-95ba-ddca30f6990a"><span>This might happen to trainees pushing themselves too hard while dieting, but for someone unaffiliated with a company, it was very rare. Even trainees under strict management tended to sneak snacks, so dieting wasn't easy.</span></p><p data-uid="23fda678-99a7-408f-978e-4fb9aaac748d"><span>I considered asking Han So-Won directly, but Kim Soo-Myung said it would be best to let her sleep for at least two hours.</span></p><p data-uid="6213303e-cd75-4aea-803f-98af5cdc3cdb"><span>"Honestly, the fact that she made it here in this condition without showing signs is incredible."</span></p><p data-uid="e926eea1-1708-47a0-8a7c-affa438bcc3c"><span>I replied with a bitter look, remembering how patient Han So-Won was before the regression. "She's… extremely resilient."</span></p><p data-uid="b7541574-74f2-4ae4-876c-a3b58ec4590d"><span>Since she was currently staying at her aunt's house in Seoul, she likely didn't feel free to voice any complaints. Even...</span></p>