---
title: "Chapter 46: Golden Road And Park Eun-Bin (2)"
weight: 46
---
<p data-uid="ef5d60e5-66f2-43eb-bf51-f38f1481d049">Park Han-Cheol urgently sought assistance, but Han Myung-Ho expressed reluctance.</p><p data-uid="cd6bdf64-f26d-4d51-b271-6fdce7515a82">"Why are you being so difficult today? Didn’t you say your team is done with their stage performance?"</p><p data-uid="0b59efd3-0867-457b-878e-1bda014fe18b">"Yes, but Mr. Lee specifically instructed us to wait here."</p><p data-uid="3a4fc705-19d3-408b-8477-25aa56952e65">"Is that so? Then let me just borrow Yoon-Ho for a while."</p><p data-uid="7e472fe7-67df-4b6e-90a1-9728ced84fb4">Han Myung-Ho frowned. "Mr. Park, you do realize he's with the Actor Division 2, right?"</p><p data-uid="b4f13412-325c-4505-bd21-35b27286027b">"Come on, you know I rarely seek this kind of favor. We’ll take good care of him and return him promptly.”</p><p data-uid="d77c6989-94f5-474e-a309-f9749a96e334">‘<em>What does he mean he will take good care of me and return me? Am I an object or what?</em>’</p><p data-uid="ef0a909c-8616-4eb2-bc5b-a00ae686f48a">Nevertheless, even though Park Han-Cheol was in the Suhyaejong line, I couldn’t just stand by in such an emergency, especially when Golden Road’s Jang Eun-Yung and Petite More’s Park Eun-Bin might clash.</p><p data-uid="8102d83f-c38f-4d5f-9d69-1979c4cd676d">However, there was another reason I wanted to go to Singer Division 1—there was someone I wanted to meet there.</p><p data-uid="c8bf7836-795c-4901-a6c1-fb6e81f5d1dd">"I’ll be back soon, Mr. Han."</p><p data-uid="012601c4-a993-439d-ab8c-b0b02f46d6a7">I grabbed my coat and quickly followed Park Han-Cheol.</p><p data-uid="6bac65a9-94be-4204-ab9e-a152f32adf78" style="text-align: center;">***</p><p data-uid="7df3d050-8eee-4ec8-a3b4-ed8c83dc1c3c">Golden Road, the renowned five-member girl group from Singer Division 1, was a top-tier group which was often considered a formidable rival to Petite More. The members—Leader Jang Eun-Yung, Park Soo-Jin, Choi Myung-Eun, Jung Yi-Soo, and the youngest Yoon Ji-Hee—were all close in age. The eldest Jung Eun-Yung was 24 and the youngest Yoon Ji-Hee was 19.</p><p data-uid="06a37e0e-fb70-4af5-8f1d-21d11414733f">Thanks to Park Han-Cheol handpicking...</p>