---
title: "Chapter 620: Jiri Mountain Premier (5)"
weight: 620
---
<p data-uid="ab84073d-45ba-4f7d-86ec-786d7d5f3362"><span>I came out of the projection room and headed toward the screening hall.</span></p><p data-uid="1f94c13e-7bd0-4920-8201-5f9ffb6a9b73"><span>The audience and reporters invited to the VIP premiere were coming out, unable to hide their excitement.</span></p><p data-uid="4d2678e2-fef6-4f18-ac8e-7dc6135682af"><span>"Wow! Two hours just flew by!"</span></p><p data-uid="22029833-e0fa-4bf7-9a78-9e48e1faff04"><span>"That was insane. Where did my time go?"</span></p><p data-uid="de825d89-6519-459f-a42f-d9028099a77e"><span>Director Park Sun-Jae's intense direction from the very beginning delivered a refreshing shock to everyone who attended the premiere.</span></p><p data-uid="74d40a74-ab81-4e08-8da8-9dee51a82c9b"><span>At that moment, Shin Jong-Ki, who had been waiting in front of the screening hall, raised his hand and called us over. "Chief Jung. This way."</span></p><p data-uid="299a6980-3aff-4356-bc5c-6e475c250435"><span>Next to Shin Jong-Ki stood Ahn Yoo-Joo, Park Sun-Jae's wife and the production chief.</span></p><p data-uid="a146e35a-a838-4239-820a-fd10ce9fc35e"><span>Along with Lee Eun-Joo, I headed toward the restricted area beside the screening hall where Shin Jong-Ki was standing.</span></p><p data-uid="ec582855-ea82-400c-b16a-3bf49ab19150"><span>Shin Jong-Ki went in first and opened the door, revealing an office used by LT Cinema staff. After greeting the employees inside, he went straight to the branch manager's office and opened the door to a small room about seven pyeong in size, furnished with a desk and a sofa.</span></p><p data-uid="396f8612-e086-41c1-b269-b83a39c618c5"><span>Shin Jong-Ki sat in the seat of honor on the sofa. "Come on, everyone. Take a seat."</span></p><p data-uid="e4cb69b2-f120-4bda-a7df-40650921fb59"><span>Ahn Yoo-Joo, Lee Eun-Joo, and I each sat on either side of the sofa.</span></p><p data-uid="e1f6a5d3-13ff-4dfc-952a-ffdbae89f353"><span>Shin Jong-Ki spoke in an animated voice. "Actually, I called you here in a hurry because I'm thinking about expanding the number of screens."</span></p><p data-uid="0397ecfe-ce55-4ba7-9f04-ca251977ff28"><span>LT Cinema was the second-largest theater company in the industry, with around 1,000 screens.</span></p><p data-uid="130f3b83-55e9-4068-a2eb-701b0155d887"><span>Moreover, Shin Jong-Ki personally owned over 30% of the shares aside from LT Entertainment's holdings. For this reason, it was practically his private company. That meant screen allocation could be adjusted...</span></p>