---
title: "Chapter 663: Japan Business Trip (1)"
weight: 663
---
<p data-uid="b1765915-2acc-4aa4-952c-d8b2fcf8a56e"><span>The twins kept kicking from inside the womb, making Lee Yeon-Sil frown. At that moment, Miso gently placed her hand on Lee Yeon-Sil's belly and spoke in a solemn tone.</span></p><p data-uid="37793a0a-d6c7-494c-b294-97b17120e1e6"><span>"Babies! You shouldn't kick! Auntie said it hurts!"</span></p><p data-uid="1e481661-4a3e-41f3-8438-fdcf36be990f"><span>When Miso tried to discipline the babies in the womb, everyone burst into laughter. They joked about how babies in the womb wouldn't understand a thing.</span></p><p data-uid="4e6e8f31-f42a-44c1-baf2-128e3809b316"><span>At that moment, Miso quietly nodded and said, "They stopped!"</span></p><p data-uid="943acbda-cc00-4c2a-9047-2a0d3cbff728"><span>Lee Yeon-Sil looked surprised. "Huh? They really did."</span></p><p data-uid="4be90a1f-ac1c-4460-a967-841b131773f7"><span>Miso looked up at Lee Yeon-Sil with a proud expression. "Auntie, the babies won't hurt you anymore. They said they won't kick!"</span></p><p data-uid="1b953df0-60d0-48fe-b135-ddcaa171039d"><span>Miso spoke as if she had just had a conversation with the babies in Lee Yeon-Sil's womb, making everyone laugh again.</span></p><p data-uid="f8cb98f2-02e3-4f7a-9fa9-1aec563a23d2"><span>"The babies really listen to Miso~"</span></p><p data-uid="8c8e7f21-e8f2-4264-8a31-bd5bdbc4db54"><span>"Maybe Miso should take care of them when they're born, huh?"</span></p><p data-uid="f95c70bc-7943-4af5-b962-c5a9da2c9e40"><span>The family's faces, which had been a bit gloomy due to the canceled visit from Kang Eun-Gi, began to light up with smiles.</span></p><p data-uid="5548dd0c-ddaf-484f-ac5c-01e703cbe7cb"><span>Lee Yeon-Sil also smiled warmly and cupped Miso's cheeks with both hands. "Miso. When the babies are born, you'll take care of them just like today, right?"</span></p><p data-uid="8c9322e2-4c0b-4284-be77-08bc87e6204d"><span>"Really? I can do that?"</span></p><p data-uid="4df66743-29e6-442a-873c-88b6983c00e0"><span>"Of course you can~"</span></p><p data-uid="56287edc-072a-4c5e-a4bd-f6de78df5fb0"><span>"Yay!" Overjoyed, Miso pressed her lips to Lee Yeon-Sil's belly and whispered softly. "When you're born, I'll play with you and make it super fun. So listen to Mommy and stay nice inside until then, okay~?"</span></p><p data-uid="ddde87f9-235d-4076-bf8f-072bbf6ca514"><span>When Miso dropped her disciplinarian tone and spoke gently, Lee Yeon-Sil pulled her into a tight hug. "I hope the twins turn out just as sweet as you, Miso."</span></p><p data-uid="aec19914-0a3c-44d6-94aa-52b11fa52aea"><span>Miso smiled with her eyes as she looked at Lee Yeon-Sil. "If they listen this well, they'll be sweet. I just know it!"</span></p><p data-uid="dcb36c69-f2db-4eed-9524-1791a129abb2"><span>As Miso answered confidently, my mom chimed in, saying that Lee Yeon-Sil had been sweet since she was little. When everyone congratulated Lee Yeon-Sil, saying the babies would take after her, tears quietly welled up in her eyes.</span></p><p data-uid="331576aa-81b2-40b9-8f94-f5f4adbe26b9"><span>'<em>You're happy now, right, Yeon-Sil?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="47c33943-3606-4b14-8e75-e70b39cf40ae"><span>Before the regression,...</span></p>