---
title: "Chapter 355: Ju Yung-In (1)"
weight: 355
---
<p data-uid="d6840b0a-91b7-4c8d-a648-cd18f0ce0727"><span>The day after the fan meeting and the broadcast of the final episode of <em>In the Name of God</em>, I finalized the contract with Cha Eun-Sol.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="209e5086-9c1e-478d-a6ba-c98c0b265442"><span>We decided her work would officially start once her college acceptance was confirmed.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="0f6e4bff-43f6-4e72-b8ea-20f7488b1d28"><span>After receiving a warm farewell in Cheongju, I returned to Seoul and got only three hours of sleep before heading to Incheon Airport with Seo Yeon-Woo.</span></p><p data-uid="4161e384-391c-4445-9930-ab57357c2a3b"><span>Ju Yung-In had been cast as the lead in<em> Wolf of the Battlefield</em>, a massive action blockbuster funded by Shanghai New Media Inc., and I was assisting with the contract for the project.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="92883e69-cd29-4033-873a-695128f3b495"><span>Additionally, I had to introduce Seo Yeon-Woo as a vocal trainer to Ling Ling's parents and meet Wang Long's parents as well. I also had to discuss maintaining a friendly relationship with Shanghai New Media Inc. in a meeting.</span></p><p data-uid="b6695986-cdb1-48bd-b60f-d1ff185e3663"><span>As I parked the car at Incheon Airport and headed to the entrance with Seo Yeon-Woo, the entrance was already packed with fans waiting for Ju Yung-In.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="6c68e5a7-0f9c-422e-b46b-e5513d2d62aa"><span>With the immense success of<em> In the Name of God</em>, Ju Yung-In solidified her status as a top star, making her upcoming international debut highly anticipated.</span></p><p data-uid="deb53f20-dc9b-4378-adba-9afd4ff235f3"><span>"When is Yung-In unnie coming?"</span></p><p data-uid="7ae48ee3-3d30-41cc-83b0-10763a136fc1"><span>"They said her flight's at 2:30, so she should be here soon since she has to arrive three hours early."</span></p><p data-uid="42f517fc-b64c-459e-a77f-83491a666880"><span>"She's coming in about five minutes. I got a text from Mrs. Lee."</span></p><p data-uid="6b5f6239-c2aa-4fc5-8d6c-2602a4dbc004"><span>"What? Do you have her personal number?"</span></p><p data-uid="c5348e5f-187c-46f1-a859-cb663e1dc6b6"><span>"Of course! How else would we know where to come?"</span></p><p data-uid="4a27a166-570a-4e3c-9345-af0d4a580659"><span>A girl who seemed to be a fan club organizer shrugged as she spoke.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="e7abf8fa-1c80-4823-9acd-1ffc803804fd"><span>On either side of the fan club members were reporters with tripods checking their watches...</span></p>