---
title: "Chapter 833: To Number One (3)"
weight: 833
---
<p data-uid="aa791de9-8a7e-4355-bf41-a28174af3114"><span><span>I knew that KBC, being a public broadcaster, couldn't allow expensive luxury brands on stage.</span></span></p><p data-uid="9b99db66-3112-44cf-8e18-5ef9ecb82fbc"><span><span>So I had already spoken to PD Cha Tae-Hee. I told her that although the outfit was designed by Jason Cho, currently the hottest designer in Korea, it wouldn't exceed three hundred thousand won.</span></span></p><p data-uid="ed14c4ba-77d2-4f05-bae0-27510f62ee42"><span><span>She said it wouldn't be a problem then, but now, we were being told to change the outfit out of nowhere.</span></span></p><p data-uid="2351c129-ab0a-4d17-bc18-35725749c41d"><span><span>"Why are we suddenly changing the outfit? You know the price, right?" I asked.</span></span></p><p data-uid="d8e2783a-38a8-476b-83b9-977f0bac833b"><span><span>Cha Tae-Hee let out a sigh. "It's not about the price. The director cut it because he said it was too revealing."</span></span></p><p data-uid="ff042587-3206-49e9-9431-c9a17138bd2b"><span><span>Song Hyun-Tae, the current head of KBC's entertainment division, had recently taken charge. He was known to be quite political and had close ties with the Broadcasting Commission Chair. Before my regression, he had never issued such aggressive directives. There was no benefit in making enemies with an entertainment agency, as it only created unnecessary noise.</span></span></p><p data-uid="923495dd-15b0-48b4-a138-8bed73209f77"><span><span>Especially considering that he had quit the station and taken a job as a director at an entertainment company before my regression, it was unusual for him to issue such a drastic order now.</span></span></p><p data-uid="144ae339-24e6-4c4b-83c1-3078d6edd429"><span><span>I wondered if Song Hyun-Tae had some kind of personal grudge against Jason Cho.</span></span></p><p data-uid="c1b85005-d5a1-4f25-ad4f-7dae2192d664"><span><span>"Ms. Cha, did you mention that the outfit was designed by Jason Cho?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="ead1d675-83bb-4c9c-b943-d537a3de2691"><span><span>"No. You told me to keep it as confidential as possible, remember? So I didn't. Anyway, they're saying it's absolutely out of the question because the outfit's too revealing and we're a public broadcaster."</span></span></p><p data-uid="33bbe953-503e-43ef-a209-0f1ee0f9a07f"><span><span>That reminded me of La Boom, the five-member girl group from TK Entertainment, whom I had seen in the waiting room earlier. La Boom had gone all-in on the sexy concept. Their outfits were way...</span></span></p>