---
title: "Chapter 514: Concert Accident (3)"
weight: 514
---
<p data-uid="c03dcac9-e457-4f9c-b147-1cedf24c798f"><span>While driving Yoo Sang-Myun's car toward the Gangnam Tancheon parking lot, I checked my disguise in the rearview mirror. I had used Yoo-Jin's wig, mask, and black hat, which I had stored in my car, to make myself look like Yoo Sang-Myun.</span></p><p data-uid="504091b4-fefd-4bd6-b484-5cfb68e4bd94"><span>'<em>Lee Chan-Dong better fall for this…</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="21a1c489-da85-4a65-a71e-60f8880b596f"><span>Currently, Lee Chan-Dong was on the run after Ace Entertainment became the target of a prosecution investigation.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="bd539053-3fb0-4307-886f-999d2c1054ed"><span>At first, I planned to report him to the police, but even getting them to pick up Yoo Sang-Myun from the venue had taken half a day since it was Christmas. So instead of waiting, I was going to catch him myself.</span></p><p data-uid="5d83739b-9f97-4a9e-99d8-01504b9f0001"><span>If Lee Chan-Dong found out that this plan had failed, he would undoubtedly target my celebrities again before the police could catch him. I had to take him down for good this time.</span></p><p data-uid="be8a4bd3-e01a-4841-930b-cedfb2848f3f"><span><em>Screech.</em></span></p><p data-uid="63d1506c-8081-4c08-8274-31d983e7ec22"><span>As soon as I exited COEX, I hit a red light at the Samseong Bridge intersection. At that moment, I got a call from Lee Yung-Jin.</span></p><p data-uid="338a8038-3a7f-4320-a740-c26424f55500"><span>-Yoon-Ho, I'm on my way too.</span></p><p data-uid="f81ce16a-deeb-46ee-a742-ed3384b664a6"><span>Just before leaving COEX's parking lot in Yoo Sang-Myun's car, I had met Lee Yung-Jin. I handed him the keys to my Binz and told him to block Exit 4 of the Gangnam Tancheon parking lot with the car. After finishing his report to the company, Lee Yung-Jin was now following me.</span></p><p data-uid="fc729554-c309-4a7a-90ad-0bcfc8f78878"><span>"Okay, block Exit 4. And if you see an old Ekuus trying to leave, stop it with your car."</span></p><p data-uid="df89e62e-b1ac-4c22-b2db-4581391b3f93"><span>-Got it. Oh, and Mr. Gu, Mr. Park In-Ki, and the other team leads are on their way too. Hold out until they get t...</span></p>