---
title: "Chapter 158: Recruitment Completed"
weight: 158
---
<p data-uid="e8d844ef-4459-45c6-b398-0c54b9e6edbc"><span>After the announcement of Golden Road's hiatus, all the talent agents in Singer Division 1 were busy answering their phones because the advertisers were all rushing to request ad cancellations.</span></p><p data-uid="ec3035c4-fa07-45a7-b806-4955eefcd2c5"><span>"I'm sorry, Mr. Jin. Yes, yes. Our legal division will review the penalty clause and get back to you within a week."</span></p><p data-uid="9eb4602c-9361-41ed-8d99-eb5ed3600222"><span>"Dissolution of Golden Road? There's no way, Mr. Bong. It's just a temporary hiatus, so please don't worry too much and..."</span></p><p data-uid="a52159f2-4b5a-4413-aacc-0b9eb1b8ff42"><span>"Ah, no, please listen to me. No, it's not like that. You know what, I'll just go to your company now and we can talk about this in person."</span></p><p data-uid="6b1a5309-2ce7-4ac0-8bbc-3aa9a93fc13f"><span>"I'm sorry, Mr. Han. We tried our best to stop it but..."</span></p><p data-uid="3bb6d109-51f3-463c-b234-1776ed61ca1d"><span>"Mr. Kim! Please don't do this to me. Let's extend the contract period for now and make adjustments according to the situation when the girls come back."</span></p><p data-uid="5bbd840b-19da-427d-928c-047a7b648476"><span>As the talent agents were desperately clinging to their phones, Cha Sang-Jin got up from his seat with shaky legs.</span></p><p data-uid="6f97cb30-deb1-4911-8d08-7db38d970311"><span>Golden Road had to pay penalties to cancel contracts for five CFs today. At this rate, it seemed only a matter of time before the remaining 15 CFs were all canceled.</span></p><p data-uid="a3d884fd-947f-4a8b-8c12-a17a85541888"><span>Cha Sang-Jin sighed heavily and headed to the break room.</span></p><p data-uid="ecf9ee36-1259-4147-9290-52a1dd3c8328"><span>"Oh? Mr. Cha. Would you like a cup of coffee?"</span></p><p data-uid="910d37a2-d241-4252-bd56-88bcc0187ccd"><span>Kim Dong-Soo, who happened to be in the break room, greeted him.</span></p><p data-uid="956d46b8-fa06-4cab-b008-3d4eaefa7913"><span>But instead of returning the greeting, Cha Sang-Jin pleaded as if he had met a savior. "Chief Kim. Are we just going to take this lying down? I'm on the verge of dying because of complaints...</span></p>