---
title: "Chapter 780: The Price Of Arrogance (3)"
weight: 780
---
<p data-uid="a6e992a3-995d-4077-9f24-ea9c0bd32b24"><span>"The Mr. Jung I know is someone who tries to give people as many chances as he can. He did that for me, and he's doing the same for you."</span></p><p data-uid="8d26eb67-a2e1-41cb-8b50-f96c3749d815"><span>When Han So-Won said this about Jung Yoon-Ho, Go Eun-Seo blinked her big eyes in disbelief. "Mr. Jung is giving me a chance too? Seriously?"</span></p><p data-uid="89feb65a-8588-4052-83ef-b6f70fd4147c"><span>"Of course. You heard about that SBC executive who tried to interfere with the broadcast last week and got kicked out after getting chewed out by Mr. Jung, right?"</span></p><p data-uid="34a7fd9f-8e83-4752-86b8-3ed6d3663c14"><span>"Yeah, I heard..."</span></p><p data-uid="59994d51-9831-4383-b072-0322bec61704"><span>"Then do you really think he couldn't get rid of a single trainee like you?"</span></p><p data-uid="6bec4c47-f8ca-4721-990a-74738d008808"><span>Go Eun-Seo gave it some thought and realized Han So-Won had a point. Even her father, a well-established figure in Incheon and a sitting member of the National Assembly, and her mother, a top actress who could throw her weight around at any network, had both been humiliated and kicked out after trying to pull rank on Jung Yoon-Ho.</span></p><p data-uid="8f06bc8f-f685-4750-b7b8-1ae941c510a2"><span>Still, she couldn't quite understand it and asked again,"Then why is he going easy on me?"</span></p><p data-uid="ef104c2a-6356-4776-8c4b-4c293f850265"><span>Han So-Won shrugged. "I don't know why he's cutting you slack. Maybe it's because you're young. Maybe it's because you haven't crossed the line yet... But one thing I do know for sure."</span></p><p data-uid="b8aed64e-ef60-4bf9-93f7-cdf320bbd053"><span>"What?"</span></p><p data-uid="9c939b70-ba3f-4647-9b16-b3dfe3724f18"><span>"When Mr. Jung gets really mad, he's terrifying."</span></p><p data-uid="e6adc5c2-493b-4905-8505-f214b2e43b0e"><span>Han So-Won started telling Go Eun-Seo how Jung Yoon-Ho had helped her and what had happened in the process. She shared how the money her mom sent was stolen by her aunt and uncle, leading her to become malnourished. And how Jung Yoon-Ho came to find that aunt and uncle and completely wrecked them.</span></p><p data-uid="03c07f83-bbbd-4bd4-893a-263cb0794b16"><span>Go Eun-Seo's eyes widened to twice their size as she listened.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="bce6b21e-c109-4f45-82d8-9a5e193aaa3f"><span>"So my aunt and uncle had to return all the money they took, and their family completely fell apart. But he never did anything like that...</span></p>