---
title: "Chapter 161: Park Eun-Sung (1)"
weight: 161
---
<p data-uid="9f6bba63-9881-4bdb-8d78-b8eaf3d4e8be"><span>After losing Park Eun-Sung, the two thugs ended up gasping for air and looking helplessly at each other.</span></p><p data-uid="7a4a54e0-9b68-46c0-a804-45f553540065"><span>"Hey, Myung-Hoon. It looks like we lost him. What do we do now?"</span></p><p data-uid="782c331b-6d00-4c79-b90f-3351b15fc35c"><span>"What do you mean what do we do? We're totally screwed. Let's report back first."</span></p><p data-uid="2934ae46-e1c8-4160-bc5d-0edc4deb4fb5"><span>"Damn it. We're going to get it big time."</span></p><p data-uid="faf90f53-71c9-466a-8980-678121551821"><span>A year ago, Choi Kang-Han, the leader of Kanghan Inc. which dominated the area around Ansan and Gyeonggi Province, liquidated all his assets. However, he managed to retain some major nightclubs in the metropolitan area and across South Chungcheong Province centered around Daejeon.</span></p><p data-uid="335a5a1f-cf17-44a7-93bb-a3c19c52d50d"><span>Declaring his intention to wash his hands off illegal activities, Choi Kang-Han used the funds from winding up his previous business to establish Kanghan Entertainment.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="d98d11d5-4d3b-4521-99a2-c13e56efde55"><span>The newly formed Kanghan Entertainment then used its substantial cash reserves to acquire undervalued small entertainment companies. Among these was Blue Entertainment, to which the famous actor Park Eun-Sung was signed.</span></p><p data-uid="b877491e-deea-4ac1-a838-730f2bbe3e98"><span>But as Park Eun-Sung, the prized asset of Blue Entertainment, kept delaying his re-signing, coercive measures were employed.</span></p><p data-uid="3e32b5ee-dec6-484e-bc6b-e120f116e425"><span>That's where things started to go wrong.</span></p><p data-uid="e470f144-e1a0-4ece-9050-fd710a10d75d"><span>They had intended to scare him a little, but they didn't expect the quick-witted Park Eun-Sung to flee. The two former gangsters, now novices in the strange profession of talent agents, were flustered by the unexpected setback.</span></p><p data-uid="dd6035ad-4679-4705-b39b-507f388351f4"><span>"B-but the punishment should be better than before, right? We're no longer part...</span></p>