---
title: "Chapter 226: Opportunity (1)"
weight: 226
---
<p data-uid="717b0cc7-063d-4971-9b86-6f578883dbca">『Green onions? They're 2,500 won per bundle! It's practically a steal. A steal! Want a bundle?』</p><p data-uid="34e4ae51-fa04-40c6-abf1-fb44c910a21a">Eun-Ah began acting like a seasoned merchant who had been in the market for decades sitting flat on the ground with her legs crossed.</p><p data-uid="ed658d98-df91-457c-8790-13b82dde9fb9">Haru was momentarily surprised and hesitated at Eun-Ah's sudden transformation. But soon, Haru started to match her performance.</p><p data-uid="d4dc1b80-9a1b-4ee2-abfb-3084f0e5580f">『Well, I don't need that much... could you perhaps give me half?』</p><p data-uid="f01db1ad-ac52-4454-8d9c-b50bdd45147e">Eun-Ah glared at Haru, spat on her right hand, and then moved her hand as if tearing a plastic bag.</p><p data-uid="07699185-8831-4cee-8297-a9c220e94e60">『I usually don't sell in halves. But I'll make an exception since you're a student. Just give me 1,500 won!』</p><p data-uid="469decb2-6279-44da-be63-6a6889c27742">『But isn't it 1,250 won for half?』</p><p data-uid="97da92d7-8c8c-4513-be14-c89a923dc3ab">『Ugh, young people these days. Always nitpicking! The seller sets the price, not the buyer! If you don't like it, don't buy it!』</p><p data-uid="d745e2ce-5442-4296-8c84-c9b7b74c484d">When Eun-Ah shouted aggressively, Haru looked around nervously and started to fumble for money.</p><p data-uid="448e640d-3151-4426-b08d-fe043c1a0cc4">At that moment, Eun-Ah snatched the money from Haru's hand as if she'd been waiting for it. Seeing Eun-Ah's vivid performance, it felt like she could be sent straight to a drama set.</p><p data-uid="96abdad9-6963-4be2-91de-2f440e7986e4">"That was good. Just seeing this much is enough," I remarked.</p><p data-uid="5ea4f4c4-c6be-4446-8b42-4e74f881d45a">As the short market vendor act ended, Haru was the first to praise Eun-Ah. "Noona, is this really your first time acting? Are you sure you didn't get any training?"</p><p data-uid="2dd76366-4388-416d-9b03-994a81351683">The flustered Eun-Ah waved her hands. "No, no. This is my first time... really."</p><p data-uid="7d5ff0be-0042-4124-9796-bc959644c3fe">"Wow, that was amazing~!" Haru exclaimed.</p><p data-uid="82cefdfd-81c3-4b9f-bb28-e33416f1b391">That's when Sae-Ri, who had been staring blankly until now, finally...</p>