---
title: "Chapter 416: Not On My Watch (1)"
weight: 416
---
<p data-uid="afe0f7ff-6276-4b18-8c10-10ad152454d0"><span>The movie <em>Human Market</em> told the story of Woo Soo-Han, a corrupt cop who secretly supported a human trafficking ring. When he fell out with the organization, his fiancée was kidnapped and it set off a chain of events in this crime thriller.</span></p><p data-uid="57a74c58-c5be-42b1-aa46-7a7d0343fc59"><span>In my past life, the lead role was played by Actor Yang Soo-Wan from Ace Entertainment. Yang Soo-Wan used to be an unremarkable actor but gained significant recognition through this film for playing a despicable villain.</span></p><p data-uid="d1bca30b-49d7-458a-bf32-93b1edbaeeb1"><span>Nonetheless, advertisers avoided him and his subsequent roles were all similarly vile characters.</span></p><p data-uid="662cab7d-442f-4dde-bf71-08bc78ddf12d"><span>In short, <em>Human Market </em>demonstrated how a single poorly chosen role could derail an actor's career despite the film being a hit.</span></p><p data-uid="84c8df5b-db1b-43b3-8aec-5ac0466e6946"><span>This was why I responded to Park Hwan-Seo's fiery outburst with calm confidence. "I didn't say the movie would flop. In fact, <em>Human Market </em>will be a success."</span></p><p data-uid="7c216d7e-593d-4273-81a3-f471e50a9a30"><span>Park Hwan-Seo looked flustered. "What? Is this bastard mocking me right now?"</span></p><p data-uid="e5a6a1fa-a665-483a-bec5-0a039c31955c"><span>I replied, "I'm not. I genuinely think it will do well. The characters are vivid, it reflects real-world issues, and the direction will be excellent with you behind the camera. This will easily surpass four million viewers."</span></p><p data-uid="3757589b-8995-4aae-b924-986a22f2a99d"><span>My unexpected praise left Park Hwan-Seo visibly uncertain. "R-Really?"</span></p><p data-uid="43cfae42-4d7b-4e0f-83ce-0bec05cc0928"><span>Though he acted as if my opinion didn't matter, it clearly did. After all, my reputation as "Star Jung the Fortune Teller" in the industry made my evaluation hard to ignore.</span></p><p data-uid="1115a3a3-a3ae-4d15-9782-1246509b27f4"><span>At that moment, Sung Han-Yung's face betrayed hesitation. He had hoped my input would help him decide,...</span></p>