---
title: "Chapter 601: Moral Laws In Family Relationships (6)"
weight: 601
---
<p data-uid="eba9d192-634b-4fb7-949d-ec1dcfdcb667"><span>Choi Yung-Ho of Daeheung Savings Bank told Han Joon-Sik that he would pour all the power his bank had into this matter.</span></p><p data-uid="9561d646-b89f-46a0-a472-80a9aa358ebc"><span>"As of this very moment, I'm planning to tell every company that does business with our bank to terminate their legal advisory contracts with Sincere."</span></p><p data-uid="e3456107-9e48-48a4-838c-615befb70efc"><span>The primary source of revenue for a law firm was, above all, corporate legal consulting. They typically earned consulting fees during normal operations and made significant money through litigation fees when lawsuits arose. However, the very companies that fed these law firms couldn't operate without the support of banks like Daeheung Savings Bank.</span></p><p data-uid="9f5c09bc-0a40-49a0-af0c-b7690af81a86"><span>So if the president of the top savings bank in the industry asked companies to cut ties with Sincere, they would surely comply without hesitation. After all, there was no shortage of law firms ready to take their place.</span></p><p data-uid="0411139d-297a-4ace-bc82-2c387106389b"><span>In other words, what Choi Yung-Ho said was effectively a declaration to destroy Sincere Law Firm from this moment on.</span></p><p data-uid="2098167c-df67-4585-9edc-2564ce60a4fe"><span>Han Joon-Sik asked back, looking completely bewildered. "M-Mr. Choi, why are you so obsessed with Mirinae? And why is Chief Jung even involved in this?"</span></p><p data-uid="0dd7f09a-5c40-4572-93df-e74165e2f3b8"><span>Choi Yung-Ho replied with a blunt expression. "Chief Jung here is like a nephew to me. He doesn't like to show off, so he's never said it, but that's the truth."</span></p><p data-uid="e395d81b-2ab9-400b-aa73-37b48dbd8da2"><span>"Th-that's ridiculous..."</span></p><p data-uid="81df9ab1-6753-4732-8de6-4a65e905bac6"><span>Choi Yung-Ho clicked his tongue in disappointment. "Listen, Attorney Han. Use your brain. How do you think a bankrupt company like Mirinae could have started the rehabilitation process so quickly? And why do you think Chief Jung is here now?"</span></p><p data-uid="d43a7145-f17c-4c96-9c7b-a6f8d60f17f7"><span>Han Joon-Sik glanced at me and suddenly had a realization. "Y-you don't mean... were you planning to give Mirinae to Chief Jung?...</span></p>