---
title: "Chapter 529: Tectonic Shift (4)"
weight: 529
---
<p data-uid="025a3125-5944-4539-b344-1bbd02181a9c"><span>I took out two hwatu cards I had secretly set aside along with a business card from my pants pocket and placed them on the table.</span></p><p data-uid="69752d51-2982-4d5d-9df1-9f5bcd1ad320"><span>Ahn Seok-Chun stammered, "When… when did you manage to pull that off?"</span></p><p data-uid="b735747a-ad9c-4662-8f27-1a79464af62c"><span>"When I went all-in and switched my cards, I set aside the March and August gwang in advance."</span></p><p data-uid="20e40098-9d33-4f47-9dcf-75b0cd500a2a"><span>In the chaotic moment when thirty eight billion won was at stake in a single game, that was exactly why I had asked to exchange cards. While everyone was half out of their minds due to the high stakes, I had secretly pocketed the March and August gwang. I hid the two cards in my hand and waited for my opponent to deal the next round.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="9d07fce5-5c7e-41b6-a747-849a0859116c"><span>As soon as Ahn Seok-Chun gave me a three-pair, I swiftly swapped the March card with the August gwang. Then, I slipped the remaining two cards back into my pocket.</span></p><p data-uid="9bd8346b-8cbb-4bcf-a7db-9fa5a62d028c"><span>Finally realizing the audacity of what I had done, Ahn Seok-Chun let out an exclamation of admiration. "<em>Haha</em>… I really failed to recognize a true master. I lost completely, totally. I was the sucker at the table… <em>Haha</em>!"</span></p><p data-uid="25e93b43-09bc-49d3-b456-fc9edfd43122"><span>Now that he understood my move, Ahn Seok-Chun couldn't stop laughing in astonishment. After a while, he quieted down and stared at me. "Play with me again sometime. But next time, no tricks."</span></p><p data-uid="038c9680-7475-47e6-b87a-d5abc0063691"><span>"Of course. I'd be happy to."</span></p><p data-uid="9f34031f-d4db-4998-bfac-32e674030f1d"><span>"And by the way… let's talk about investing in films or dramas. Honestly, if Ace Entertainment's stock hadn't crashed this time, I was planning to reach out to you first."</span></p><p data-uid="51290d1c-1522-49aa-9e50-a7fb49428e44"><span>As the head of Smart Venture Investment, a content investment company, he expressed his interest in funding the projects I was involved in.</span></p><p data-uid="191cbf78-4905-44b5-a6b3-10a346c2b16d"><span>I had gained another powerful connection.</span></p><p data-uid="714a46fe-3f6d-45f2-8ebc-0537486804b9"><span>"I look forward to working with you."</span></p><p data-uid="c7ffdb4c-0eb2-43b5-8909-f638215f315c"><span>With that, I had...</span></p>