---
title: "Chapter 617: Jiri Mountain Premier (2)"
weight: 617
---
<p data-uid="0e3f6743-88f7-44e3-96b2-180a6ea1b176"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="c24c704b-2b88-4a9b-8a5f-2d2b999cf16b"><span>[Date: February 7, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="46f851bd-4007-4e20-8a71-c85bd7fd36b3"><span>-8:30 p.m. [NEW. Lee Tae-Poong] <em>Jiri Mountain</em> premiere suspended. (Emergency meeting: Check the attendance list, send apology texts to reporters, and send apology gifts to VIP guests.)</span></p><p data-uid="939f7141-9b5b-4325-888a-9ffa9afe5f78"><span>When I saw the schedule entry indicating that the premiere of <em>Jiri Mountain</em>, a film we poured our hearts into, would be suspended, my palms began to sweat.</span></p><p data-uid="bdb99447-b18d-4ccc-96e0-c5d575da0c3e"><span>Tonight's premiere was the first event where all seven core members of Faithful would be gathered together. It was a very meaningful day for me in this second life after the regression, and now it looked like it was about to be ruined.</span></p><p data-uid="55fafcfc-7722-4c01-bd7e-d6cc916643cc"><span>But that wasn't even the biggest problem. Except for Choi Duk-Bae and Park Sang-Gyu, all Faithful members were now top-tier stars. So LT Entertainment had gone all out to bring in as many reporters as possible.</span></p><p data-uid="88b2f236-4038-482b-b318-aabfd1aa81f8"><span>If the premiere were to be halted today, the reporters would surely pounce on the chance to tear <em>Jiri Mountain</em> apart in their articles. And if that happened, it could significantly damage the box office numbers starting next week.</span></p><p data-uid="428f9f18-9686-4f28-bcbc-09bbc52d8212"><span>From experience, the difference in earnings could range from billions to hundreds of billions of won depending on the situation.</span></p><p data-uid="c5c7d0b9-7b96-45e8-a5ed-21dd8d0b72b0"><span>I couldn't believe that a crisis like this would strike <em>Jiri Mountain</em>, a project I had believed in without a doubt until now.</span></p><p data-uid="5f73d400-1c54-4c99-bced-e3a7d5870a84"><span>I moistened my dry lips and checked the schedule entry again. The VIP screening would start at 8 p.m., and the interruption was set for 8:30 p.m.. That meant the premier would be stopped right after the director and actors give their stage greetings...</span></p>