---
title: "Chapter 38: Taking An Audition"
weight: 38
---
<p data-uid="bbbd0b9e-2f2d-4a11-9d61-7b6416d6a5e3">“Yoo-Jin. Do you remember when I told you not to believe everything you see?"</p><p data-uid="42fbf30f-250f-4e20-9468-8a3a82b1ebf1">Yoo-Jin flinched at my words. "Don't tell me that sunbae is also someone who can’t be trusted."</p><p data-uid="91dfbac3-f5f6-43d5-a4c4-71bd77020b9f">"Yes, she’s someone you absolutely shouldn’t trust. If we were to compile a list of everyone in this industry who's holding a grudge against Park Jin-Hee, it would fill a whole truck. You have no idea how well she backstabs people with that cute face."</p><p data-uid="1530b07b-8501-4cf9-a616-dde0d95cbe14">Not only did Park Jin-Hee steal other actresses’ roles, but she also stole their men to shake up her competitors.</p><p data-uid="6764aeff-c4e7-455f-b79f-9cef695887c5">"And there must be over 20 people who have had their boyfriends stolen by Park Jin-Hee."</p><p data-uid="af07248d-3d8d-49d1-a779-a5d6e45bf97a">Yoo-Jin looked at the door through which Park Jin-Hee left with a look of disbelief.</p><p data-uid="08e97900-a26b-4a67-bb9e-4eb43288c6b8">"But she really doesn't look like someone who would do that..."</p><p data-uid="255aa280-5fd5-43d9-a8ee-b91633490528">"I’m speaking the truth. Anyway, be extra careful around her."</p><p data-uid="d5c4b364-73b7-485c-984e-71863fbed2b4">"Seriously, there's not a single trustworthy person in this entertainment industry, is there?"</p><p data-uid="587352f7-0eb1-4ec2-b791-498f4a6ae597">"That's why I told you before that this industry is like a battlefield. Now, let's get going."</p><p data-uid="803df99a-5a33-4b37-b470-80102664cb2b">But suddenly, Yoo-Jin stopped and gave me a sidelong glance.</p><p data-uid="72313c59-08a6-4b2b-9eb6-cf7b3d4e5e90">"Wait. Does that mean I shouldn't trust you either, oppa?"</p><p data-uid="1053e955-f019-4013-8017-0bb27590a761">"I'm the only exception. Trust no one but me."</p><p data-uid="b8c759da-6780-404b-9fa8-845a3a1c63d5">"That sounds like a line I've heard before... but I'll let it slide."</p><p data-uid="79e00428-379c-43a9-854c-7d08873de2a7">I felt a twinge in response to Yoo-Jin's gaze but kept...</p>