---
title: "Chapter 763: Younger Siblings (2)"
weight: 763
---
<p data-uid="ef3944d3-3e32-4a0d-bc68-9e4605ce6fe0"><span>[Everyday V13]</span></p><p data-uid="e0dec3e0-2624-45b8-8b89-338dc35e59ee"><span>[Date: March 18, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="91e8b8df-0047-40fc-a036-3438ce2de567"><span>-10:00 p.m.: [NEW. Jang So-Yeon]</span></p><p data-uid="efad8c1e-0020-4485-8ae6-deb2dcd176ec"><span>&lt;Entertainment Everywhere&gt; "Rising model Ms. J's messy school days exposed—shocking testimony from acquaintances."</span></p><p data-uid="61650d93-8de5-414a-9dab-e4e3bc7a7b66"><span>&lt;Entertainment All Times&gt; International luxury brand model Ms. J. "In high school, she seduced the convenience store owner where she worked part-time, breaking up his family."</span></p><p data-uid="95e31d48-43d8-4d7e-aae6-e7e0286e1045"><span>&lt;Baro Star&gt; "Model Ms. J, now in the spotlight, declares retirement from the entertainment industry."</span></p><p data-uid="4ebd0cd5-498b-462f-9156-f2fe184855cc"><span>(Emergency Meeting: Jang So-Yeon goes missing after admitting to baseless rumors in an interview. Prepare countermeasures for potential damage to company image and IPO valuation.)</span></p><p data-uid="eb6edf36-a228-45f5-9a69-e10d63cc3a40"><span>Just as Jang Jun-Hyun and Jang Yeon-Joo were heading home eating rice cake skewers, their video call with Jang So-Yeon had abruptly ended. Yet instead of a kidnapping alert about her siblings, the Everyday notification popped up with headlines claiming that Jang So-Yeon had admitted to a sordid past.</span></p><p data-uid="aed006ac-9ed2-46ea-b126-c1bc9420a219"><span>However, I knew better than anyone that Jang So-Yeon's past was nothing like that. In my previous life before the regression, Jang So-Yeon was exhausting to deal with because of her alcoholism, but she had never once troubled me with sponsorship scandals or shady relationships. And since bringing her into my care in this life, I had made sure again that none of those issues existed.</span></p><p data-uid="9df243ef-8b81-4cdd-98a6-3a63c98a517a"><span>So if Jang So-Yeon had supposedly admitted to something she never did, there was only one conclusion—The people who abducted her siblings were forcing her to falsely confess in order to make her quit the...</span></p>