---
title: "Chapter 107: Comeback Stage (1)"
weight: 107
---
<p data-uid="0690620a-3a43-4841-8a69-9747689724db">The MBS <em>Show! Music Center</em> calculated the final ranking based on 60% album and digital sales, 20% MeTube views, 15% combined on-site and SMS voting, and 5% broadcast score.</p><p data-uid="15e5c8f6-47ef-4a15-b8c5-2088a19dcccb">Currently, Petite More was slightly ahead in digital sales, while Cherry Blossom took the lead in MeTube views. Thus, the variables that could sway the ranking in our favor were on-site and real-time SMS voting.</p><p data-uid="d9337e40-f273-4051-80c6-f0dcfe628470">I had asked the four girls from HoengSeong Girls' High School to bring just twenty others with vocal cords as strong as theirs to help tip these variables in our favor. After all, the cheering battle at the <em>Show! Music Center</em> live broadcast was crucial.</p><p data-uid="5f1e00af-17b6-4da3-bcd0-1d442936dc75">Having pleaded with the PD for twenty audience tickets, I called the girls from HoengSeong Girls’ High School.</p><p data-uid="2f276cf1-15b1-4c4f-9df2-2383b3bbece1">-We're near Apgujeong.</p><p data-uid="f21756da-000f-4e1f-8016-62b4309c8d09">"You’re almost there. Call me as soon as you arrive and I'll come out to meet you."</p><p data-uid="f73b55fc-78cd-4c9d-9167-8c7a4ae1f245">-After hanging up, Lee Ju-Yung and I headed to the dressing room.</p><p data-uid="78d9aa2b-1c6b-436f-9d6e-d01288cdc88c">Shortly after, Han Myung-Ho arrived with the Stylists Park Yi-Yoon and Lee Eun-Hyang, who were recently assigned to Singer Division 2. Park Yi-Yoon was a third-year employee who had been in charge of Golden Road while Lee Eun-Hyang was a new intern at the company.</p><p data-uid="3bb7d048-b04f-4a0d-a69e-4deff29ddf53">Both stylists spoke formally to me since my position was more senior than theirs, even though Park Yi-Yoon was my sunbae.</p><p data-uid="b21d68b1-a13b-453e-8183-e276d1de9325">After brief introductions,...</p>