---
title: "Chapter 367: Jo Min-Sung (1)"
weight: 367
---
<p data-uid="f0ddf8b2-5816-4a3c-be43-a2eefacaeb5b"><span>Full of pride, Jo Min-Sung had never given much thought to a mere team lead like me—until now</span></p><p data-uid="f7aaeaf0-f799-4895-84ec-a649fe1717f4"><span>However, things were different now. The fact that he allowed mutual honorifics despite my young age signaled that he recognized me as an equal.</span></p><p data-uid="d83deecf-687f-40b8-b265-514c60c7a2f3"><span>Regardless, I couldn't afford to act weak if I intended to bring such a prideful actor into Team Jung. I planned to leave a strong impression on Jo Min-Sung by showing that I wielded the power to control major advertising deals.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="493520d8-8417-428a-be09-8a9f1896ad48"><span>If I succeeded, there was a chance Jo Min-Sung would want to work with me as he always preferred talent agents who matched his level.</span></p><p data-uid="e0322498-bb0b-4aa7-9154-9737ea5356fc"><span>When he asked if I was going to accept the HY Auto Inc. ad, I calmly responded, "HY Auto Inc. has offered quite favorable terms to Tae-Poong. We're thinking positively for now."</span></p><p data-uid="f2b05321-066b-448a-9d58-fb4f8b6f25aa"><span>At that moment, Jo Min-Sung, the main figure of Hoop Entertainment, fell into contemplation. It seemed like he hadn't expected me to respond this way, especially given his personal visit.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="0e73091f-7d18-48f4-9fb2-64c38e32b1f8"><span>After a brief hesitation, Jo Min-Sung slowly spoke. "How about this? If you decline that ad offer, I could give up the lead role in my next project,<em> First Love Romance,</em> to Tae-Poong."</span></p><p data-uid="32e8d314-b1d5-479f-b0d8-d7e1aab16cfe"><span>Jo Min-Sung had an exceptional eye for picking projects and was usually about 80% accurate. In this industry, even a 50% success rate was considered a hit. So an 80% track record was almost as if he had divine foresight.</span></p><p data-uid="c4748a27-9600-4696-856c-670f7dbedbe2"><span>For Jo Min-Sung to offer a project he had chosen himself was quite a proposition.</span></p><p data-uid="0052fda0-505c-449f-9d97-bb0a661bb731"><span>He continued, "Director Yuk was...</span></p>