---
title: "Chapter 502: Rumor And Rumor (3)"
weight: 502
---
<p data-uid="76265107-8986-4cef-9a04-fda7c0ed90d2"><span>Eun-Ah appeared with only basic skincare after removing her full makeup.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="386794a4-64d4-4888-af5e-5d0602de8cf5"><span>Her hair, which was usually neatly tied back, was half-messy with stray hairs sticking out in various places. Her cheeks were flushed and sweat droplets formed on her forehead. This was Han Ye-Rim after finishing practice in Scene 44 of <em>Ballerina of Time</em>.</span></p><p data-uid="e4109273-fae1-4690-8454-d494940af91c"><span>Most actresses and singers tried to look as beautiful as possible in front of the camera, especially idols. However, Eun-Ah shed her goddess-like image from Cherry Blossom and fully became <em>Ballerina of Time</em>'s Han Ye-Rim. The staff members were visibly surprised by how she showed no concern for looking pretty.</span></p><p data-uid="f48f48a6-4f03-45bd-8893-fd2421630834"><span>Yet Na Hyung-Joon watched Eun-Ah with growing interest. Unlike when she auditioned with full makeup due to scheduling conflicts, Eun-Ah was now fully immersed in her role.</span></p><p data-uid="87061a87-e1f6-42ca-8659-0aad038ff435"><span>Na Hyung-Joon asked, "Did you tell her to do that?"</span></p><p data-uid="5922e33b-1b46-4089-bd11-62a00262a33d"><span>I quickly shook my head. "No, I just guided her to focus on the role."</span></p><p data-uid="fd2d7da1-a41d-48b8-b0da-deb5627a438e"><span>Na Hyung-Joon smiled approvingly. "<em>Hmm…</em> Well, at least she has the right attitude. Let's see if she truly becomes Ye-Rim or if she stays as Eun-Ah."</span></p><p data-uid="7908ce7f-4e1a-44cb-a8d0-5ef15d073b61"><span>He had noticed Eun-Ah's timid personality during the audition and still had his doubts. Nevertheless, Eun-Ah was an award-winning actress who had won multiple Best Actress awards at the Hwangryong Film Association before the regression. When she played intense roles, her performances could send chills down people's spines.</span></p><p data-uid="30ebab57-05bf-4f8d-baba-305ef820210d"><span>Knowing her true...</span></p>