---
title: "Chapter 853: Choice (1)"
weight: 853
---
<p data-uid="ad9e491f-a78e-4fb8-9cca-37416bea6c6b"><span><span>"If you're pushing the schedule up to the end of May, we absolutely need to switch the air dates from Wednesday-Thursday to Monday-Tuesday," I said.</span></span></p><p data-uid="a3633048-ce40-4907-96e7-0256ee5c704a"><span><span>President Han Yoo-Sik tilted his head. "Huh? Change the air dates? Why's that?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="dd50d9c1-49c2-4e8e-aca5-6d07dd9d3e8b"><span><span>"If we stick with the Wednesday-Thursday slot, we'll be going head-to-head with MBS' </span><em><span>Hwaranjeon</span></em><span>."</span></span></p><p data-uid="176f249b-1fc0-48c1-903d-352468457c00"><span><span>When scheduling a drama, the most crucial factor was whether it has strong competition. If a drama airing on the same days was already drawing high viewership ratings, a new show was bound to suffer no matter how well-made.</span></span></p><p data-uid="6cdf835d-0948-422d-ad0d-44bb8fab5933"><span><span>Right now, </span><em><span>Hwaranjeon</span></em><span> was dominating the Wednesday-Thursday slot with a whopping 37% viewership ratings. And with only 24 out of its 50 episodes aired, </span><em><span>Hwaranjeon</span></em><span> wouldn't end until late June or even July. If </span><em><span>Haze</span></em><span> moved up to the end of May as a Wednesday-Thursday drama, it would end up clashing with </span><em><span>Hwaranjeon</span></em><span> for a full month and take a hit.</span></span></p><p data-uid="f0acee94-8c0d-46b6-8c6d-e9858bc0b70c"><span><span>That was when Han Yoo-Sik finally caught on. "</span><em><span>Ah</span></em><span>, geez. What was I thinking? I totally overlooked that. But here's the problem—I'd love to move it to Monday-Tuesday, but KBC 1TV already has a solid lineup in that slot. I can't bump it."</span></span></p><p data-uid="01b02055-765b-47bd-a70a-17c62a0f746f"><span><span>"Then ask them to shift it to KBC 2TV instead. And if that doesn't work, make it clear that we can't move up the air date."</span></span></p><p data-uid="7332754b-6cc7-4e52-94ca-00799b62a2d3"><span><span>KBC had two channels: KBC 1TV and 2TV. But if neither could accommodate the change, it was better not to push the schedule up at all.</span></span></p><p data-uid="fb4e412c-04a3-4d3d-ad11-ccb68bc4b9e4"><span><span>Just then, Han Yoo-Sik let out a chuckle. "You'd make a great programmer at a network, Chief Jung. Still, this is a little embarrassing for me as someone who used to be an executive at KBC."</span></span></p><p data-uid="11e3455a-d038-44be-a41a-5a406a851603"><span><span>"</span><em><span>Oh</span></em><span>, come on. You knew all this. You were just pretending not to."</span></span></p><p data-uid="df6bb1c7-63f3-4c16-8840-d823e1695620"><span><span>"No, really. I was always on the receiving end of these schedule pitches, never the one making them. I wouldn't...</span></span></p>