---
title: "Chapter 370: Child Actor Audition For Hwaranjeon (2)"
weight: 370
---
<p data-uid="12329f92-8e68-4c8d-91b9-11b90eaca1ab"><span>Scene 22 of <em>Hwaranjeon </em>had been rewritten and revised multiple times by Han Woo-Ju.</span></p><p data-uid="c26f965d-d5ac-4c65-bbe2-c77d052b0f53"><span>Han Woo-Ju initially thought that asking child actors to express such complex emotions was too much for them.</span></p><p data-uid="8479b3ef-f224-4a5d-adbc-72a26ff229d8"><span>However, Lee Ji-Yeon and Kim Soll-Ip advised otherwise. They insisted that the potential of young actors should never be underestimated. If the actors truly couldn't handle the scene, the directors would deal with it on set.</span></p><p data-uid="118aa1dc-4f2c-4bd2-bef8-e3d8b87171b3"><span>Thus, <em>Hwaranjeon</em>'s script was created without accommodating the actors' limitations. Since it was now in the hands of Oh Bok-Hee—who was obsessed with perfection—the audition standards naturally rose even for the child actors.</span></p><p data-uid="91ab735e-2de4-4043-ac35-699dc589b42f"><span>Yang Yi-Ji and Jin Gong-Ju both tightly clutched their hanboks and took the stage when their names were called.</span></p><p data-uid="fc5d9e91-67b1-412d-a315-ca76bd56be9c"><span>When the three child actors stood together, Oh Bok-Hee gave her instructions. "Miso will play Princess Yu-Hwa. And as for the eldest Princess Jeong-Hwa and the youngest Princess Do-Hwa... Yi-Ji and Gong-Ju, you can decide between yourselves."</span></p><p data-uid="f984dc3c-6534-4115-90ad-ab007b05816f"><span>At that moment, Yang Yi-Ji, who was two years older than Miso and Jin Gong-Ju, raised her hand confidently.</span></p><p data-uid="dc49615a-90a1-40b1-8088-1c88739a4525"><span>"Yi-Ji, what is it?"</span></p><p data-uid="de7457d7-df10-4977-8bd3-b28df8f290ae"><span>"Has it already been decided that Miso will play Princess Yu-Hwa?"</span></p><p data-uid="2160a80a-8a89-4636-b6be-45d24c398ac3"><span>Despite it being in the middle of Miso's audition for the role of Princess Yu-Hwa, Yang Yi-Ji boldly questioned...</span></p>