---
title: "Chapter 613: Sung Na-Ra (2)"
weight: 613
---
<p data-uid="7c126681-fef0-43ed-88bd-ac6f365681b8"><span>In front of the SBC lounge, the voices of the girls cornering Sung Na-Ra echoed from inside the room.</span></p><p data-uid="195fb7a5-40d2-43f7-bffa-a11522af48a2"><span>For this reason, I initially assumed that Sung Eun-Joo, the talent agent&nbsp; of FIVE Angels, wasn't around. But to my disbelief, there she was right in front of the lounge door. She was leaning against it and playing a game on her phone instead of stepping in to stop them. She wasn't just ignoring the fight, but it was like she was standing guard while it happened.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="b9cd51cf-456d-4e5d-8312-dcfad2395d6a"><span>FIVE Angels was made up of five members, all 18 years old this year. Even though the team ran entirely on Lee Jin-Sil's parents' money and influence, I didn't expect they would allow this kind of behavior. This wasn't neglect—it was practically giving permission to bully her.</span></p><p data-uid="c3420126-b6aa-4909-bbfd-6ee681370e49"><span>I immediately approached Sung Eun-Joo, who was still focused on her phone game. "Ms. Sung, what exactly are you doing right now?"</span></p><p data-uid="565c13c3-6af3-4e18-b003-0faddf776f18"><span>Startled, Sung Eun-Joo looked up from her phone. But once she saw it was me, not a broadcasting staff member, she smirked. "Oh? It's you, Chief Jung."</span></p><p data-uid="caa8f249-9773-481f-8e69-8c2118aed2db"><span>Sung Eun-Joo was thirty-six years old and a veteran talent agent with twelve years of idol management under her belt. But sometimes, being a veteran meant something else. It could mean becoming desensitized to the bullying that happened among idol groups, just like now.</span></p><p data-uid="251be96c-7cf9-4c4d-9b3d-adb0709aa932"><span>However, bullying was something a talent agent could never afford to be desensitized to. For the one being bullied, it was like their soul was...</span></p>