---
title: "Chapter 361: A Ten-Million-Viewership Actor (1)"
weight: 361
---
<p data-uid="b1f82d16-0199-478b-b5d1-9920ff76908e"><span>The three actors I planned to bring over from Kim Dong-Soo's Actor Division 3 included S-class actor, Song Ji-Hwan, and A-class actors, Ahn Ju-Hee and Sung Han-Yung.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="5d5f8efd-724b-4ab1-b7df-4d52c598fff9"><span>These actors were all scouted by Kim Dong-Soo himself.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="39b65c66-045d-4d6c-82c4-a326327ccbeb"><span>The 45-year-old Song Ji-Hwan was primarily known for playing kings in historical dramas. However, after the boom in historical dramas died down, he had been underperforming for an S-class actor.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="680a45dc-cad5-4bc9-915d-11a259634813"><span>My plan was to bring Song Ji-Hwan in with the promise of casting him in <em>Hwaranjeon</em>.</span></p><p data-uid="7b6e4785-d5d8-4ff1-8b9a-ed3eb608afa9"><span>Ahn Ju-Hee, a veteran actress aged 67 this year, had given a powerful performance as a mother in <em>Love Fading by the Sea </em>five years ago. However, as she had been very picky with her choice of roles, she was almost abandoned by Kim Dong-Soo.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="44966390-6769-4e37-a092-a6210b23ab1d"><span>Nonetheless, I already had a project in mind for her.</span></p><p data-uid="60129143-cbe0-480e-9b1b-04dbb3a105c3"><span>Lastly, Sung Han-Yung was someone I managed to recruit to my side when I went to Actor Division 3 as a Trojan horse. When I successfully predicted his next project would fall through, I was able to pull him over to my side.</span></p><p data-uid="1a99fa5d-5a97-4fa5-b92a-8e306a98d5f6"><span>Upon hearing about these top-class actors, Lee Yung-Jin was momentarily mesmerized. Then, he started to panic, saying he couldn't do it. "They're not rookies but they're veteran actors! How am I supposed to manage them? I can't do it. Just fire me!"</span></p><p data-uid="aad05bc7-2c6a-47ca-b666-323ef3ac048c"><span>"I'll hire more staff for you," I assured him.</span></p><p data-uid="f677ca1b-3845-499e-902e-ab6e6f7b1045"><span>"Even if you do, I'll still have to manage all of them!"</span></p><p data-uid="d78abe61-7401-4c5c-8ddb-11cdc9841924"><span>'<em>Wow, Lee Yung-Jin has become quite sharp,</em>' I thought.</span></p><p data-uid="43ff689c-30f1-473e-b055-777b9deca4b7"><span>As Lee Yung-Jin continued to whine and protest, Do Ran-Hee got up from her seat. Then...</span></p>