---
title: "Chapter 101: Changing Future (1)"
weight: 101
---
<p data-uid="18bca7d0-6578-4360-887a-23d4a162f1e4">Kang Gam-Chan shared his strategy to counter the Seoul National University of the Arts line.</p><p data-uid="6d381355-797a-462d-9657-f56e8d696808">"Why do you think I've been so busy traveling to China, Japan, and even the US at this age? Though I used our artists' concerts and events as an excuse, that was just a smokescreen."</p><p data-uid="be3fa4e7-9f72-4e70-9480-1b38f03ff3e1">Hoop Entertainment was planning to go public within 2 to 3 years. Kang Gam-Chan intended to gain support and establish alignment with international entertainment partners as potential supporters.</p><p data-uid="4554af25-a5c8-48de-9f99-0ef86086452d">At that moment, a thought crossed my mind.</p><p data-uid="a8b627f3-b5db-45ec-b811-2d3d733d5337"><em>'This is an opportunity.'</em></p><p data-uid="64ed0978-9ffc-4c33-99d3-696c74dc6dba">If I could intervene when Kang Gam-Chan's line clashed with the Suhyaejong line, maybe I could tip the balance and drive Kim Dong-Soo and the Suhyaejong line out of the company.</p><p data-uid="631bde22-e3a9-42a9-a13c-65872aac8e48">However, that would require money. Entering the stock market during the time it goes public meant engaging in a battle for shares.</p><p data-uid="a2bec56f-2776-4da1-a082-6ec7234b6184"><em>'It’d be nice if I could invest as well. But how do I gather money before then?'</em></p><p data-uid="51bf5327-9907-4ad2-a807-3dc45eda2f6a">The only money I had at the moment was 20 million won in my bank account—and the money I invested in Yetterang's IPO was years away from generating dividends.</p><p data-uid="0a5e0aca-a127-4c83-8e93-b923bc631c20">I momentarily got lost in thought recalling memories from my past life. By the time I came up with a few ways to make money, I was suddenly jolted back to reality when I realized the room was in complete...</p>