---
title: "Chapter 343: Mayfly (2)"
weight: 343
---
<p data-uid="020747de-82b7-4e71-9276-c3c84199b9b4"><span>Haru's appearance fee for</span><em><span> Master of Mukbang </span></em><span>had been 2.5 million won per episode. I multiplied that by exactly 20 and quoted 50 million won per episode for the sequel.</span></p><p data-uid="fe4e111d-ca5f-4356-95cd-757bfa01b4f2"><span>Jo Eung-Cheon swallowed hard and responded, "T-Team Lead Jung, isn't 50 million won a bit too much?"</span></p><p data-uid="933291f8-d04c-48c6-9b2d-ab4b2afd6304"><span>However, I had no intention of lowering Haru's fee. This was the perfect time to raise Haru's value with all the buzz around his next project.</span></p><p data-uid="80c3262a-bf7a-4bc9-afe9-c6f1d8fc4276"><span>"My apologies, but we've already received numerous offers to cast Haru, so..."</span></p><p data-uid="5b523cdf-1240-4b9c-aace-3d0e589289cc"><span>Yoo Hyun-Ji blinked and gave me a pitiful look. "Can you please lower Haru's fee just a bit? He's still young and there will be plenty of opportunities to raise it in the future."</span></p><p data-uid="726cd39d-0a4f-4f69-a876-2a1b3e05f61c"><span>"I'm sorry, but Haru's current market value is much higher than what you two are estimating."</span></p><p data-uid="37e765b6-6a31-4e6a-9c71-a683343eef2b"><span>Seeing that I wasn't going to budge, Yoo Hyun-Ji played her last card. "If we increase Haru's fee, we'll have to cut back on the staff. You know how tough things are right now, don't you? It would be a shame if all those people from the outsourced production company lost their jobs, wouldn't it?"</span></p><p data-uid="63001b03-315b-4515-a6ef-de3002d7dc9d"><span>It was a predictable negotiation tactic, but not something I could simply dismiss. It was true that freelancers could lose their jobs if the negotiations fell through.</span></p><p data-uid="b10b530c-ba9e-4ab9-b564-d7436b2c1600"><span>However, according to my calculations, TVM could definitely afford Haru's fee.</span></p><p data-uid="ca0305aa-249d-42e9-8b18-8227438632f5"><span>"I know that the ad rates for slots before and after shows featuring Haru have been hitting record highs. Even the rerun viewership...</span></p>