---
title: "Chapter 89: Come Back Home (1)"
weight: 89
---
<p data-uid="24e5ab33-cc0d-4345-905f-3662006c9428">Driving Yoo-Jin after such a long time felt strange. It felt like I was finally back where I belonged. While driving, I grumbled to Yoo-Jin because she still hadn't shared her secret and I was slightly annoyed.</p><p data-uid="93d6269f-dfbd-455a-beef-e56bd244b157">"Anyway, you could've given me a heads-up before you burst into the room earlier. Do you know how surprised I was?"</p><p data-uid="b50a4c95-e05a-4fcc-868e-f5fa41f58a5c">Yoo-Jin made an apologetic look on her face. " I’m sorry. I just panicked at the thought that you might not come back and lost my mind."</p><p data-uid="8c23bae7-5df2-46bd-8e41-81d268e6db33">"What if Mr. Kang hadn't listened? What were you planning to do then? Were you really going to quit the company?"</p><p data-uid="6fa6b88a-d437-427e-b09d-92d2b4b7b354">Yoo-Jin smirked. "No way. I might have felt a bit hurt if Mr. Kang hadn't listened, but I never planned on quitting the company."</p><p data-uid="9f8b8749-2e51-4f69-8b90-0dbbf9a34bfa">‘<em>What? Was it all a bluff?</em>’</p><p data-uid="4d48a95a-6323-40c1-9f20-646e777b3053">"Yoo-Jin. You should be saying something like ‘I was going to quit right on the spot!’ Isn't that the kind of answer I should be getting?"</p><p data-uid="8a02be23-8ce5-4a35-b4fc-c25d34c95829">Yoo-Jin smiled. "You've been watching too many dramas, oppa. Do you know how much I earn from commercials? It's in the hundred millions. Hundred millions! You didn't think I'd give that up and go back to working at Burger Queen, did you?"</p><p data-uid="0a002e91-b162-4245-9cf1-74b932477215">"I'm sorry... I was short-sighted."</p><p data-uid="3c518927-4965-45ca-9dcd-b7e5c5bfd344">Yoo-Jin laughed for a long time at my playful response. When her laughter subsided, Yoo-Jin turned her head toward the window and murmured.</p><p data-uid="cff48329-935d-4461-8c8f-47ec4446e405">"But I really was planning to leave if it hadn't worked...</p>