---
title: "Chapter 25: Flowers Bloom Even In Winter (2)"
weight: 25
---
<p data-uid="d94833b4-bd36-43c3-bc12-973405498a9a">Dancing on the glamorous collaboration stage with Petite More, Cherry Blossom was given special treatment. As I had sent Cherry Blossom’s profile to Choi Eun-Hyuk in advance, he was able to customize the color of the spotlight for each member such that the colors complemented their individual characters.</p><p data-uid="12faa41f-52af-4ec1-a322-c23bf63af4dd">For Woo Yeon-Hee, a deep burgundy light was used to emphasize her elegant and sexy look. For Yang Eun-Bi, a yellow light highlighted her glamorous figure, which contrasted with her baby face. For Yoo Eun-Ah, a pure white accentuated her innocent goddess-like beauty. Last but not least, a blue spotlight was used for Kim Sae-Ri to show off her lively image.</p><p data-uid="7c16d44c-202d-4e9a-8976-9c995f4ec0ce">But that wasn’t all.</p><p data-uid="423f4f99-51cf-40b6-a8cc-d202a820832c">Cameras three and four, along with the Jimmy Jib camera, were capturing Cherry Blossom to such an extent it almost seemed biased.</p><p data-uid="446c8ec5-db88-4189-8a08-bf3c49673c88">It wasn’t just talk when Choi Eun-Hyuk said he would support and push for Cherry Blossom.</p><p data-uid="915a2773-37c8-4b09-ae2b-ca218c4a1895">In response to Choi Eun-Hyuk’s support, Cherry Blossom lived up to the expectations and displayed a striking presence while dancing perfectly in sync.</p><p data-uid="52206d87-722c-4154-99b4-6b4177b8a460">“Bling~ Bling~.”</p><p data-uid="58c19967-2e60-4363-8129-7e3d62270f39">Although it wasn’t their own song, the joy in Cherry Blossom’s eyes was evident as they performed on the KBC year-end stage.</p><p data-uid="1acf3573-b480-4b3b-bf31-546575b93f3b">I was glad to see the girls so happy, but Lee Dong-Min’s suggestion to move to the Singer Division 2 still weighed heavily on my mind.</p><p data-uid="ccc51abf-ec65-48a6-a5b2-09d2d599ba4f">My expertise was primarily in managing actors’ filmographies, but I also had a clear vision for the songs and dances that would...</p>