---
title: "Chapter 267: Return (1)"
weight: 267
---
<p data-uid="c3f92105-0144-47f1-99f7-2dd160ab256e"><span>When I opened the door to Hoop Entertainment's sixth floor meeting room, the chiefs and team leads of every division were gathered with confused expressions.</span></p><p data-uid="39a0e8c8-dd33-4e37-9ad8-ade388d4032d"><span>Among them was Kim Dong-Soo, whose face was pale. His eyes stared blankly into space as if he never imagined Park Hee-Tae and Choi Seong-Lak, whom he put in so much effort to recruit, would cause trouble.</span></p><p data-uid="34634ca3-b930-4947-b4dc-1b24bfdb3118"><em><span>'That's right. I looked just like that too the day I collapsed…' </span></em><span>I silently remarked.</span></p><p data-uid="3ced214a-4236-4023-81cf-42f713337dec"><span>In my past life, I lost consciousness and collapsed after hearing about my wife's affair from reporter Gu Min-Ji. When I regained consciousness in the hospital later, my face in the mirror looked just like that of Kim Dong-Soo's right now—pale without any blood flow.</span></p><p data-uid="79291f00-1db3-4f0c-bd7a-5b8d48348fc0"><span>I stared at him and thought, '</span><em><span>You shouldn't have messed with me, Kim Dong-Soo.</span></em><span>'</span></p><p data-uid="2d9c54df-a2cb-4a57-8c95-c7bd02697939"><span>I wouldn't have gone this far if Kim Dong-Soo hadn't tried to split Hoop Entertainment and had Nalsae investigate to trample me.</span></p><p data-uid="da2716f3-5fc3-4e12-8e38-3a99246fb54d"><span>After all, I had never made the first move on things that hadn't happened since traveling back in time.</span></p><p data-uid="f30783f0-edab-4c6e-bf3c-95c7c81accb7"><span>However, Kim Dong-Soo acted just as I had anticipated and was trying to split Hoop Entertainment.</span></p><p data-uid="416654e9-2b4b-4564-a6d8-e7625118cadc"><span>'</span><em><span>I can't stop here.</span></em><span>'</span></p><p data-uid="776ca5ec-ea36-4f76-b7b9-bf17ee0043ad"><span>After all the employees above team lead level had gathered, Lee Gi-Cheol spoke with a flushed face. "I called for a meeting because of Park Hee-Tae and Choi Seong-Lak."</span></p><p data-uid="a5243ca9-f190-4f35-a1a1-619d7098b2ad"><span>The...</span></p>