---
title: "Chapter 369: Child Actor Audition For Hwaranjeon (1)"
weight: 369
---
<p data-uid="c09b21db-fefd-46ce-b048-64b7487c0756"><span>As I opened the door to the <em>Hwaranjeon</em>'s child actor audition room on the seventh floor of MBS, I saw a wide stage about 30 meters across with seating in front of it.</span></p><p data-uid="31495c5b-2205-4b7b-a9cf-171dbda0dd8f"><span>The front rows were filled with child actors and their parents, while the middle and back rows were packed with representatives from entertainment companies, corporate PR teams, and entertainment reporters.</span></p><p data-uid="b2300226-4b43-4c85-a72f-8ee9d5bfb183"><span>The talent agents were likely here to scout promising young talent, while the PR staff and reporters were undoubtedly present because of Yoo-Jin and Miso.</span></p><p data-uid="706286e4-0e75-4da0-ba92-0bf3361f1134"><span>Soon after, Han Woo-Ju, Oh Bok-Hee, and Ryu Han-Joon made their way to the judges' table on stage to begin the auditions.</span></p><p data-uid="e4c488f0-cce8-4e13-b012-a77884339308"><span>I also moved toward the seats where Miso was sitting.</span></p><p data-uid="69bead68-0c17-4207-968a-7027bc2775e7"><span>At that moment, corporate PR staff and reporters rushed toward me as if they had been waiting for this chance.</span></p><p data-uid="2097360e-7b81-4892-98af-7ebd588baf85"><span>"I'm Chief Jo Hyun-Moo from Pacific Tuna! Just give me ten minutes of your time, Mr. Jung. Please?"</span></p><p data-uid="6d3cb545-7476-48a6-a5fc-d29b85855e62"><span>"Team Lead Jung! Please let me have just one quick interview with Miss Yoo-Jin! You know I write good articles!"</span></p><p data-uid="4424d23b-126d-48ce-b901-6d4b6a36993f"><span>"Can we do a one-on-one interview about Miso, Team Lead Jung?"</span></p><p data-uid="e021d5a4-a429-4918-aaa0-0ba6dabd7a02"><span>They were all clamoring for ads and articles, desperate for content.</span></p><p data-uid="c435a5c1-1c3d-41b6-b960-faf1fbd64870"><span>I said, "Please don't do this and just send an official offer through the company."</span></p><p data-uid="113e7ae5-bdf0-46bf-95b0-7d665a83ac91"><span>"We've been trying to reach you but you never answer. That's why we came here in person. Just give us a quick response now."</span></p><p data-uid="7a9de628-ebe2-400f-aed3-6c4919332c23"><span>"If you send your proposal by email, I'll get back to you by tomorrow."</span></p><p data-uid="f14a0c9b-ea26-462a-936c-27d6cd1a53d9"><span>They finally let me go only after I promised them that I would respond to them.</span></p><p data-uid="7dd813e3-35de-4a72-9858-2f6f9e7d4d71"><span>"Alright, Team Lead Jung....</span></p>