---
title: "Chapter 569: Bihyungrang (2)"
weight: 569
---
<p data-uid="f159968b-4341-4636-93c1-8f9ec8d0187f"><span>On the arched wooden bridge in the bamboo grove, Miso, dressed as Princess Yu-Hwa, held a small porcelain bowl filled with buckwheat porridge favored by goblins and called out.</span></p><p data-uid="e664918a-f47f-45de-aeda-07f30d2933f3"><span>『Bandi! Bandi! Do you know where the goblin is?』</span></p><p data-uid="b21083ed-e6d8-4c34-a32c-46ac408d0bb2"><span>Miso's clear voice overcame the sound of the creek flowing under the bridge and rang out vividly. After scanning around, Miso repeatedly called for the firefly she had met before.</span></p><p data-uid="198b3317-360b-4785-900f-af6e7249ee41"><span>『Bandi isn't coming... <em>Sigh</em>~ I really wanted to give this to the goblin today!』</span></p><p data-uid="04b8aeb1-b263-46eb-858a-0b1f2c5715a1"><span>Miso puffed out her cheeks and grumbled. Her naturally adorable expression made me smile involuntarily.</span></p><p data-uid="f7659ef7-bc06-4d7c-a2fc-15c890e26238"><span>At that moment, Oh Bok-Hee gave a hand signal.</span></p><p data-uid="26000f77-e01b-4e7d-8f27-1a64b84c7c9b"><span>Han Woo-Hyuk, who had been standing outside the camera frame, slowly started walking into it. Emerging from the bamboo grove, he still held a daegeum in one hand and moved slowly toward the wooden bridge.</span></p><p data-uid="17cf7449-44a7-45f9-901c-1c89c4319632"><span>Then, an astonishing sight began to unfold.</span></p><p data-uid="d7cddcec-2059-456b-a9c6-10ae11c67eb0"><span>'<em>What... is that?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="16a34557-6504-4b85-a08d-3b458a56d876"><span>Something felt off about Han Woo-Hyuk's slow movements. Though his waist-length hair and white silk robe fluttered, his upper body hardly moved at all. Maybe because of this, it looked like a ghost without feet was gliding across.</span></p><p data-uid="fbf101d1-1e33-408a-969d-2b4ec4b2f15e"><span>Perhaps because he was cast as a non-human goblin, Han Woo-Hyuk had secretly mastered a peculiar way of walking.</span></p><p data-uid="0177ff5b-c228-4a26-8266-a581acf70d72"><span>Han Woo-Hyuk glided onto the wooden bridge and silently stopped behind Miso.</span></p><p data-uid="09d91e9d-74ff-48f9-b132-c32b7721ded3"><span>『Why did you call for me?』</span></p><p data-uid="9be92c0a-7b63-420f-b817-07838cf74676"><span>Although his voice was low-toned, it was clearly audible thanks to his articulate diction. Moreover, fitting his character as an immortal goblin indifferent to human...</span></p>