---
title: "Chapter 581: Baek Sae-Gi (2)"
weight: 581
---
<p data-uid="17209bba-6b3c-4522-b1ec-4fa66fc6292a"><span>After leaving Eve Hair Salon, Lee Seon-Hye called the salon owner, Director Tae Hyun-Jin.</span></p><p data-uid="2c9f3773-f129-47f3-9425-caa9c40dc1e0"><span>Of course, he reacted with disbelief at first, but once I sent him the video I had recorded, he quickly apologized.</span></p><p data-uid="cb156437-e5e9-41e9-af2c-1020a52b803f"><span>-This is really embarrassing. I'm sorry. I had no idea the deputy director would do something so outrageous.</span></p><p data-uid="61b968b3-f7d5-407d-92c0-705eeff39b2e"><span>Lee Seon-Hye replied, "I don't want to say anything more since I'm leaving anyway, Mr. Tae. I'm quitting as of today, so please make sure I get all the overtime and weekend pay I'm owed. And my severance too."</span></p><p data-uid="eed5915b-dcca-4b4e-81e5-bb2abed71ab9"><span>At that moment, Tae Hyun-Jin stammered as he continued.</span></p><p data-uid="6db68e73-b386-4844-aadb-0e6e8b3d9f67"><span>-Chief Lee. Honestly, the salon's been going through a tough time lately. I'll pay the severance properly… but please go easy on the bonuses. There aren't even proper records for those. And if I pay all that at once, I might have to let go of a few of the part-timers. Do we really have to do this?</span></p><p data-uid="f00b959e-3748-4ce2-af39-02ee08eedc8c"><span>Tae Hyun-Jin was putting his heart into the act, but I already knew the future of Eve Hair Salon.</span></p><p data-uid="bc2f593c-1d88-449e-8473-89484b7b493a"><span>'<em>What a joke. Who's he trying to fool?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="89c7f391-d564-4af3-a77e-bc6593754110"><span>Around this time before the regression, Tae Hyun-Jin was looking for a location in Itaewon to open a second branch. So if we listened to him, Lee Seon-Hye wouldn't get the money she deserved. They say the wealthy act worse, and this was exactly one of those times.</span></p><p data-uid="7c5f898d-0dfe-4be9-aabc-54c98bc9c090"><span>I wasted no time jumping into the call.</span></p><p data-uid="237b0977-a1a5-48db-b88c-5ef30025a8ec"><span>"Mr. Tae. This is Chief Jung Yoon-Ho."</span></p><p data-uid="6b42b7c1-fd72-40f3-88ed-2328e6860f58"><span>-Oh, Chief Jung. It's been such a… long time.</span></p><p data-uid="01ec2fa9-bbdc-4cb6-ae78-c9247f587ae1"><span>"Yes. It's been a while. I'm sorry, but I know you're currently expanding into a second branch in Itaewon. So let's stop with the excuses about not having money and pay Seon-Hye noona the back wages from the past ten years."</span></p><p data-uid="239e2b15-931a-48da-b782-64c5f0326824"><span>-H-How do you know about that…</span></p><p data-uid="746a3551-92e4-4487-80ef-54aeca4e9db2"><span>As Tae Hyun-Jin reacted in shock, Lee Seon-Hye looked dumbfounded. Then she continued, speaking calmly and clearly.</span></p><p data-uid="01bb2bdf-531f-4fe2-b41a-1b2feedddb8d"><span>"Mr. Tae. It's...</span></p>