---
title: "Chapter 363: A Ten-Million-Viewership Actor (3)"
weight: 363
---
<p data-uid="2c57421d-1d27-4945-bc6d-874d5ef91843"><span>Gong Hak-Beom took another puff of his cigarette and muttered to himself. "Young actors these days have no manners. A director calls and they're late? That would've been unthinkable back in the day."</span></p><p data-uid="76d79edf-221b-4959-af3a-21f512f7c50b"><span>His words were so ridiculous that I didn't even feel the need to respond.</span></p><p data-uid="ea9c8d7a-be4f-4580-8c16-33d43bc5be2c"><span><em>'Where could you find an actor as polite and well-mannered as Tae-Poong!?</em>' I remarked inwardly.</span></p><p data-uid="30935fee-21d3-4d3a-a6e6-f09875b6c566"><span>Any lingering shred of respect I had for him from my past life quickly vanished. He was no longer a sunbae in the film industry worthy of admiration but just an old-fashioned, arrogant man—not to mention that he's a criminal.</span></p><p data-uid="3f01bfab-8d6f-4ed4-b1bb-b4a035269c8a"><span>"I'll go get him right away, Mr. Gong!" said Choi Jin-Sung who was about to get up.</span></p><p data-uid="428bb893-8877-42d5-a720-51ec0f2ab7cd"><span>However, Gong Hak-Beom waved him off. "There's no need. Since his talent agent is here, we can just talk with him."</span></p><p data-uid="431cfdd7-5c1a-4b97-8f8b-6d0d784a752d"><span>Choi Jin-Sung continued to butter him up. "As expected! This is why you are the best, Mr. Gong. Even when someone below you is being so disrespectful, you graciously forgive him like this..."&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="34a5a8ea-9d87-4d80-8bc7-bf6ef352fad9"><span>"<em>Haha. </em>Enough with the flattery. Let's get to the point."</span></p><p data-uid="c08f1431-29b8-4247-9b8c-f6acb6f2fc3c"><span>The two of them were in perfect sync as they drummed up their own show.</span></p><p data-uid="76bdc678-f27c-4cca-8683-4b881152fa0a"><span>Shin Jong-Ki tried his best to suppress his frustration and introduced me as the talent agent who had helped resurrect Lee Tae-Poong's career after a slump.</span></p><p data-uid="bbd08192-3bdb-4cdc-a6fe-ffe6abe589b9"><span>However, Gong Hak-Beom only cared about his own agenda. "That's none of my business nor am I interested. Stop beating around the bush and let's get straight to it. Team Lead Jung, I'd like to use Tae-Poong for my next project. Is that alright?"</span></p><p data-uid="999149a5-0d38-41d2-87ca-207724f4a3bd"><span>Gong Hak-Beom's tone wasn't one of asking but rather...</span></p>