---
title: "Chapter 660: Collision (2)"
weight: 660
---
<p data-uid="0f182b8c-4545-4b36-b8a8-7c5d2c0c09d8"><span>The partner company managing Hoop Entertainment's business in Japan was a mid-sized entertainment company called Aris Production.</span></p><p data-uid="4c6451f0-dcd1-4f26-ac9f-0e9cd587f72b"><span>From the time Kang Gam-Chan founded Hoop Entertainment, he established a partnership with Aris Production, which had a strong network across Japan's broadcasting industry. However, the then-partner CEO Gato has since retired, and CEO Tanaka has taken over. Since the transition to Tanaka, the partnership between the two companies began to falter.</span></p><p data-uid="8ed60eb2-69d3-4307-b43e-7fa8dadc98ae"><span>The former CEO of Aris Production had once been a renowned producer at a famous Japanese broadcasting company, so he was able to avoid interference from Aris's parent company, Bunnies Production. But after Gato's retirement and under Tanaka's leadership, Bunnies Production began interfering.</span></p><p data-uid="6590ca96-1aa9-4b34-ab56-116a2802ceb7"><span>Bunnies Production, originally a company formed by a yakuza organization to manage funds through the entertainment industry, had long held the top position in the industry, yet often gave illegal orders to its subsidiaries.</span></p><p data-uid="fca1163d-26c8-407c-a502-f08aed0a3849"><span>Because of this, Kang Ji-Yung once tried to break the contract with Aris Production and replace them with AMOSE. However, since that attempt failed, they had no choice but to renew the contract with Aris Production.</span></p><p data-uid="12ae372b-c7c4-46a6-b675-223a408088a3"><span>And it was Tanaka of that very Aris Production who, around this time before the regression, handed over the portrait rights of Korean celebrities in Japan to a Japanese pachinko company without Hoop Entertainment's permission.</span></p><p data-uid="a32b143c-d25f-4e7e-9b87-027d711959b4"><span>I was still planning to inform Kang Gam-Chan of that incident, which remained etched in my Everyday.</span></p><p data-uid="4bf5b5e6-09a5-4143-be0e-6107d81d9cad"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="8ded9e4c-3e4c-40d1-beff-786fe6a2dc7a"><span>[Date: March 5, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="0b5c9d68-7fde-4b0e-a1a8-7ca0b51f6a55"><span>-10:00 p.m.: Emergency meeting for Chief level and above (Meeting Agenda: CEO Tanaka of Japan's Aris Entertainment....</span></p>