---
title: "Chapter 192: Joyful Wrap-Up (1)"
weight: 192
---
<p data-uid="5dbf48c4-bf41-4644-b519-7afe0f95fbff">In the music market overrun with idols, countless new artists and songs emerged overnight, and the competition to win fans' hearts seemed endless.</p><p data-uid="8101953c-831f-4f9b-bf57-749b468073cd">That's why it was so crucial not to lose the fans' attention even when pausing their activities.</p><p data-uid="47583dd1-c4cd-435f-80fd-25c73ee029de">This was especially true for Cherry Blossom who only had a fancafe and not an official fan club yet. A mere pause in activity after wrapping up the promotion for an album could lead fans to leave and support other idols.</p><p data-uid="42d24ddc-0c09-4e02-a804-60ea81cc85b5">Therefore, I planned a 'Thank You' event for the fans, but now Lee Gi-Cheol was trying to disrupt my plans.</p><p data-uid="c2a4c63b-8ffd-4ede-b5ad-f956b14564dc">As I entered the meeting room on the sixth floor, Lee Gi-Cheol was gathered with Kang Ji-Yung, talent agents, and team leads from Singer Divisions 1 and 2. Publicity Division Team Lead Sung Min-Suk and Choreography Team Lead Seong Eun-Soo were also present today.</p><p data-uid="5a69adf1-ec73-48e0-a0e1-2b124696f824">The meeting started as soon as I sat down since I was the last to arrive.</p><p data-uid="1d0f5323-d05b-483a-bd3a-7ce94152004e">Lee Gi-Cheol asked with an eager expression, "How is Cherry Blossom doing right now?"</p><p data-uid="75634d7e-e251-42ab-9e9f-c1918b3a830a">Kang Ji-Yung responded, "We've wrapped up all the broadcasts and events, leaving just the weekend music shows."</p><p data-uid="5652a0cc-f6e0-4757-9fc5-9cc6a74998c8">Lee Gi-Cheol nodded and said, "Right, it’s time to wrap up their activities. Oh, and you mentioned the members aren't feeling well, huh? Send them to a hospital for a check-up once they're done."</p><p data-uid="e1b5c4a0-84fc-4e52-b6c2-8e5d27b86199">"We’ve been managing their condition with regular clinic visits," Kang Ji-Yung replied.</p><p data-uid="ca01d757-52f1-4d6a-8067-33f2fc11fa24">Lee Gi-Cheol suggested in a stern voice, "Hey,...</p>