---
title: "Chapter 213: New Beginning (1)"
weight: 213
---
<p data-uid="b94042c2-7d44-4c07-8478-ae371a3e3080">"You're honest and I admire that about you," said Lee Ji-Yeon as she looked at me.</p><p data-uid="44397bb5-21f4-4ba7-9129-b559321d714b">Lee Ji-Yeon had such a strong and formidable image that everyone hesitated to speak to her. After all, not getting straight to the point only led to her scolding.</p><p data-uid="cc5e4b39-5fb2-4b9a-9139-3653acf1d8f5">But she explained that she liked how honest and bold I was toward her from the first meeting.</p><p data-uid="b274f93e-9123-4712-a643-d374db591c0a">Lee Ji-Yeon took a glance at Kim Soll-Ip and spoke. "Soll-Ip, you also remember when we first met Yoon-Ho. Right?"</p><p data-uid="580f02a3-b049-425a-a608-ba524938ebb5">Kim Soll-Ip nodded while picking up a spring roll with chopsticks. "Of course I do. I thought you were going to chew up a junior talent agent alive that day—like this."</p><p data-uid="cbe76a7b-36b3-4204-a909-5310d6d6848c">A crispy spring roll crunched loudly as it broke apart in Kim Soll-Ip's mouth.</p><p data-uid="5fd8f60b-3774-46c7-99d5-d19b6b5d7390">At that moment, Lee Ji-Yeon made an incredulous face and said, "Shut up~! Do you think of me as some kind of a witch that chews up innocent people?"</p><p data-uid="8296c4fa-2552-4c61-b18e-ab9a5ed307f0">The irritated Lee Ji-Yeon complained and continued to speak."I was impressed that a young talent agent and a rookie actress could be so confident. But guess what? I realized over time that both turned out to be extraordinary."</p><p data-uid="d217d36d-29e4-4d94-b423-841346cf853d">Lee Ji-Yeon reminisced about the first day I had traveled back in time. "Staying true to your initial intentions, willing to do anything for good acting, and being honest—I like seeing that."</p><p data-uid="380a53cd-0d3a-4d34-9197-92fd8a3b8653">I put down my chopsticks and bowed to Lee Ji-Yeon. "Thank you for seeing us in such a positive light."</p><p data-uid="7e627151-6204-4307-8db0-b4b0c0583b74">At that moment, Yoo-Jin and Miso also bowed and thanked her in unison....</p>