---
title: "Chapter 614: Sung Na-Ra (3)"
weight: 614
---
<p data-uid="0f18cc42-ad92-4dd3-a465-1c9150a0761c"><span>Gong Tae-Soo, the managing director, and Woo Sang-Woo, the legal director, became Kim Dong-Soo's close aides after he took over Ace Entertainment and became its president. They were quite opportunistic, but also competent in their own right.</span></p><p data-uid="2d98912f-1322-49ab-be70-043b14564ab3"><span>As soon as they had received word about what happened at SBC Broadcasting Station, they came straight to Sung Na-Ra's house and started making threats.</span></p><p data-uid="3a89218c-0312-4998-a3ae-3c93f0b32a68"><span>Sung Na-Ra quickly left my side and ran to her pale-faced grandparents. "Grandpa, Grandma, what's wrong? Are you okay?"</span></p><p data-uid="eb1c693f-3777-4a84-a717-5febee4144b3"><span>Her grandfather answered in a trembling voice. "We, we're okay. But Na-Ra, those people said if we want to terminate the contract with the company, we'll have to pay ten billion won in penalties. What should we do?"</span></p><p data-uid="b34079c2-6362-40b7-ab6f-be7082ca31ca"><span>"Ten billion won…?"</span></p><p data-uid="a03cefe0-9850-4135-a738-797f58b4ae57"><span>Sung Na-Ra's face turned ghostly pale. Having lost her parents in a car accident, Sung Na-Ra barely managed to get by with her grandparents' public work income. Even that wasn't enough, and I heard she used her parents' life insurance to help cover living expenses.</span></p><p data-uid="b9042eed-c070-44f0-80c4-f307a1b7e858"><span>Demanding ten billion won was essentially telling them to die.</span></p><p data-uid="4192f9ac-3552-43e2-b2b6-53cee2eafe67"><span>Sung Na-Ra looked at me with wide, frightened eyes. "Mr. Jung…"</span></p><p data-uid="8db6821f-1b2d-48f5-b4c8-311cfdc6a2b0"><span>I nodded, reassuring her that she will be okay. "It's alright, Na-Ra. That won't happen."</span></p><p data-uid="92f254b9-4b1a-4250-bf01-da75e9727f9e"><span>I calmed her down for now, but there was something I couldn't understand. I had clearly warned Sung Eun-Joo that if they didn't release Sung Na-Ra, I would report the footage of Five Angels' leader Lee Jin-Sil causing a scene. Nevertheless, they didn't seem afraid of that at all.</span></p><p data-uid="ecdce3b8-0351-4d6c-8d6e-1d04d93ac2bb"><span>I asked again, wondering if they might not have been informed. "Mr. Gong, didn't you hear what I said?"</span></p><p data-uid="60602df0-f03a-45d5-965e-0ca477c57243"><span>"I did. You're...</span></p>