---
title: "Chapter 508: Project G (4)"
weight: 508
---
<p data-uid="87160d39-fcc6-4d24-b357-93fd9db01b46"><span>Before my regression, Park Chan-Sik barely managed to secure his reappointment after completing his current term contrary to his worries. That schedule entry still remained in my planner.</span></p><p data-uid="11adf521-ceec-402e-a1e4-b29d2842c74d"><span>[Everyday V12.1]</span></p><p data-uid="cffa8619-e2b7-47cc-8478-ee33b7dac6f3"><span>[Date: February 15, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="e7f8764b-440c-4905-a094-365bb4d83888"><span>-02:00 p.m: Delivery of congratulatory wreath for KBC President Park Chan-Sik's reappointment.</span></p><p data-uid="57397869-e52d-4e7e-93a4-34af9ed1a678"><span>However, I have no intention of sitting back and letting Park Chan-Sik, who is openly hostile toward me, meet his destined future. If things remained as they were, he would undoubtedly impose all kinds of disadvantages on me, the celebrities of Hoop Entertainment, and the talent agents.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="04e8f60d-6429-4d91-94a8-4af5749d53e5"><span>For this reason, I planned to change his future, just like what's happening now to Im Sung-Hak of the crumbling Ace Entertainment.</span></p><p data-uid="374b27cc-80c8-45db-8fe1-03da254e9211"><span>'<em>First, I need to take care of President Im. Then I'll have to prevent President Park Chan-Sik from getting reappointed.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="0292920c-9d44-4aee-b82a-479ad35a5268"><span>Just then, my delay in responding due to my thoughts made Park Chan-Sik raise his voice slightly. "Why aren't you answering? Are you hesitant to contact me directly, Team Lead Jung? Or do you think someone like me can be ignored?"</span></p><p data-uid="086a7422-96ef-42bc-acd2-004658cd564a"><span>Snapping out of my thoughts, I shook my head. "No, sir. I'll be sure to contact you more often moving forward."</span></p><p data-uid="43fbcfe0-c937-4932-85f6-0b05992673d0"><span>To put him at ease, I bowed slightly in front of him. Only then did he let out a satisfied chuckle, seemingly convinced that I was intimidated. He had no idea what awaited him in the future.</span></p><p data-uid="d5a6cccc-76df-4da2-98c0-4b752924c5f3"><span>'<em>Mr. Park, let me assign you your turn on the cleanup list.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="5c89e7fc-0f04-491c-99ce-625bab96dc86"><span>I carefully added Park Chan-Sik's...</span></p>