---
title: "Chapter 634: Missing, And The Story After (1)"
weight: 634
---
<p data-uid="2d0d5b75-c6e9-4f5a-badd-66e98933da4f"> <span>Choi Sung-Hyun began to explain what he had planned to do with Lee Jun-Sung, whom he had kidnapped.</span></p><p data-uid="a203812c-d3f5-4b77-8250-67a7bae7dacc"><span>"I was thinking of placing Jun-Sung in a better home, like mine. A home that desperately wanted a child, just like my adoptive parents did."</span></p><p data-uid="b5c46bda-acf6-4548-a678-3f49eb11598b"><span>"Then... don't tell me..."</span></p><p data-uid="773f5a68-3701-41d0-a4b0-c28d1326efca"><span>"Yes. I intended to take revenge on Mr. Park Dong-Joon, but I never planned to hurt any of the kids. The children did nothing wrong," Choi Sung-Hyun let out a sigh and continued. "And since I'm a cop, I had access to lists of children under seven in our jurisdiction who were suffering from abuse or domestic violence. Jun-Sung was one of them."</span></p><p data-uid="2f771c08-0bcd-4b7f-8d50-a936cdab10bc"><span>"So you only planned to abduct those children?"</span></p><p data-uid="976682ce-d617-43be-bf83-56084cb252b5"><span>"Yes. I had a few more besides Jun-Sung. I intended to stage them as missing and send them to adoptive parents in other areas who truly wanted children. In Jun-Sung's case, his father had basically abandoned him at an orphanage and kept visiting with lies... so I was going to introduce him to adoptive parents in Jeju Island."</span></p><p data-uid="5a8bc7e4-e146-422b-99e5-83133155af97"><span>It was an answer I never expected. I had assumed the crimes were random, but there was a clear intention behind them. Which meant that, in the previous timeline, the reason the missing children were never found was because the adoptive parents who finally got a child they longed for never spoke up.</span></p><p data-uid="a35f13c3-fee7-444c-b380-4053515173de"><span>"There are really parents like that?"</span></p><p data-uid="6796aa5a-ef6e-4627-b878-9a40e4033951"><span>"Yes. Adoption requires certain conditions, and those who don't meet them don't even get a chance. Even if they didn't have much money, I believed that if they were kind and loving, they would never abandon a child once they had one."</span></p><p data-uid="27a2370d-59de-40a7-a066-bb64c53f3a59"><span>He said he even compiled a list of adoptive parents who would never give up a child no matter what.</span></p><p data-uid="bcc36b1f-f2c1-43c9-b594-dc2bc6bf26b3"><span>"How many children were there?" I asked.</span></p><p data-uid="1f12ab3a-9f00-4557-9993-f2a180927a2e"><span>"About five. That's how many I had identified."</span></p><p data-uid="e1381f7e-8773-4459-a389-aac0f3746536"><span>At last, I understood why there had only been five serial disappearance cases before the regression. I had assumed the kids hadn't been found because they were all murdered, but that was a mistake.</span></p><p data-uid="dc5f0a16-5f4f-475c-adff-f6874aa41aaf"><span>"Still, I don't think that excuses my crimes."</span></p><p data-uid="905633f8-7c1d-442f-a4db-fff906852a82"><span>"T-then... What were you planning to do with the private investigator?"</span></p><p data-uid="cebfe8a9-350f-41dd-931d-2313febebd22"><span>"Honestly... I hadn't figured that out yet. If anything, I might've created fake evidence pointing to another suspect and released him. I thought, as a police officer, people would believe me over whatever he said, especially since he never saw my face clearly."</span></p><p data-uid="7ecc7bec-da5a-4a89-ae5d-478c5b30b79f"><span>This was the difference...</span></p>