---
title: "Chapter 290: Showcase (1)"
weight: 290
---
<p data-uid="cd2f79d5-60d8-453d-a970-a577c27b9606"><span>"Alright, let's pack up and leave!"</span></p><p data-uid="aad52cdb-0455-407d-9af3-a07c4668303f"><span>Jo Jin-Hee was the director who had spent 20 years alongside Moon Yung-Mi at LM Apparel and was the key figure behind the company's success.</span></p><p data-uid="6036a1ca-0919-42be-b79d-bd064717294c"><span>In my past life, she eventually rose to the position of Vice President after Moon Yung-Mi.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="e7298adf-f91a-4805-83e2-b275f26890c8"><span>Regardless of her rank and influence at LM Apparel, there was no reason for my team member, Lee Mi-Ri, to be reprimanded by her. After all, Lee Mi-Ri had come to help with the L.M.L brand showcase at the request of Lee Yung-Ah.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="0db0ec4f-d27c-424c-b16d-c2f96ba39f2f"><span>The comments about whether or not Yoo-Jin would be included in the show today were simply laughable.</span></p><p data-uid="41459bb4-e54d-47ba-9b92-d4b0b195388d"><span>"What do you think you're doing? We're here because we were asked to be, not to be insulted like this!" I raised my voice, causing Lee Mi-Ri to flinch.</span></p><p data-uid="fb3b7d18-6178-460c-87ea-9723ac6d6c89"><span>"Mr. Jung, it's okay. If it's because of me, I'm fine..." uttered Lee Mi-Ri.</span></p><p data-uid="20c535e0-e907-42d5-a856-977d144a63ff"><span>Despite being accused of lying about her daughter's illness, Lee Mi-Ri was more worried about the impact on Yoo-Jin and me than herself.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="765c536e-da7b-4cef-aa69-0437dfe1be10"><span>I shook my head firmly. "No. I'm not okay with this. If I had known you'd be treated like this, I wouldn't have signed the contract with L.M.L in the first place! So drop those clothes and come here."</span></p><p data-uid="45c32f43-3272-4685-93b6-bbab56cf7288"><span>Lee Mi-Ri hesitated for a moment but eventually stepped away from the garments and moved closer to me.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="50602a37-6019-409e-9f9a-fe68744b40ea"><span>Jo Jin-Hee glared at me as she mentioned her position. "And who are you?"</span></p><p data-uid="fa164717-21a4-487e-99fb-641504f404b4"><span>I took a glance at Yoo-Jin standing beside me and replied, "Can't you tell? I'm Miss Jung Yoo-Jin's talent agent."</span></p><p data-uid="13579e45-d928-4cf3-aa94-bb8801a35636"><span>"What?</span><em><span> Ha!</span></em><span> This is ridiculous....</span></p>