---
title: "Chapter 698: D-Day"
weight: 698
---
<p data-uid="85ce2f7e-4844-499c-9300-816fcbc3c2a9"><span>Choi Eun-Tae spoke with a grave expression, "If something happens to me... I want you to be my executor."</span></p><p data-uid="25c8968b-82c0-4b26-bad5-1fb2d945ea31"><span>An executor was someone who carried out the wishes in a will after the testator's death.</span></p><p data-uid="9f8dc85d-2783-47df-8d48-92d77ed68b1a"><span>"Mr. Chairman, isn't that something a lawyer should do?"</span></p><p data-uid="63e51336-143c-45ad-a5dd-f3506c6689c2"><span>"Usually, yes. But an executor doesn't have to be a lawyer. So please, do me this favor."</span></p><p data-uid="701b1d9a-865b-4337-95f6-3af1c6dd8e1c"><span>Choi Eun-Tae was putting everything on the line for this matter. As Korea's loan shark king, he wanted to be prepared for the worst by entrusting all matters of his estate to me. Last time, he only spoke about his slush fund in Japan, but now he was talking about his entire estate.</span></p><p data-uid="910ab411-134d-4cf5-ba0a-5288e144132b"><span>"Don't worry. For the Korean slush fund, you can ask Yung-Ho. And for the Japanese one, you can ask Suzuki."</span></p><p data-uid="3f9b91cf-3c42-464c-969c-68d6bd922710"><span>I felt the role was far too much for me, so I was about to refuse.</span></p><p data-uid="c22678f6-349f-47c5-8ca5-a4886ea46fb8"><span>But at that moment, Choi Eun-Tae spoke first. "I know it's a burden. But there's a reason you have to take this on."</span></p><p data-uid="c739f544-e497-484c-921b-626a98f547cb"><span>"A reason, sir?"</span></p><p data-uid="be8aa270-0f4a-481e-833c-8b257af5d302"><span>Choi Eun-Tae nodded. "If something happens to me, I plan to leave a will recognizing Eun-Gi as my son. Then the executor can file the paternity acknowledgment on my behalf. But who else could I entrust with such an important task besides you?"</span></p><p data-uid="284e76f6-0892-416d-baa1-9321f92dee02"><span>Paternity acknowledgment was when a biological father or mother recognized a child born out of wedlock as their own. And voluntary acknowledgment meant the parent could do this unilaterally without the child's consent.</span></p><p data-uid="367ea891-ef97-4286-b514-34e8634ec2cc"><span>Choi Eun-Tae had agonized over it many times ever since finding out about his lost son. Recognizing...</span></p>