---
title: "Chapter 140: There'S No Such Thing As A Permanent Number One (1)"
weight: 140
---
<p data-uid="71bd79d8-9caa-4e20-9b4c-cfcceb8c33d7">Yoo-Jin was not discouraged at all despite Kim Soo-Hee's suggestion for an acting test. Instead, she even showed a fighting spirit as she said, "I'll give it my best."</p><p data-uid="7241b3f5-fa4b-4212-be6d-b43108582ae7">Kim Soo-Hee smiled coldly. "Being diligent and cute works when you're a student, but you need to be actually good as a professional."</p><p data-uid="9c217b84-e5d1-4efe-a3a4-4e8344d229dd">Kim Soo-Hee's chilling voice left me feeling cold, as if I were standing in the middle of a Siberian plain.</p><p data-uid="3d6c1144-c6cc-45d8-a5ce-1a278088ff8b">"In that case, I'll do well!" Yoo-Jin responded in an upbeat tone.</p><p data-uid="1e4164df-ff51-406b-a7bd-2a8087f8655d">"You have a good spirit. Now, go upstairs. Ji-Yeon has prepared the lesson room for you."</p><p data-uid="7198860e-240c-48ad-8074-b4134af493c9">We headed to one of Lee Ji-Yeon's empty rooms on the second floor for the test. Lee Ji-Yeon's empty room on the second floor had full-length mirrors covering the walls and a yoga mat on the floor.</p><p data-uid="7d439161-6f0d-4527-91a7-5a7a011a1372">Soon, Yoo-Jin took her place in the center of the large room which seemed to be at least eight meters in length and width.</p><p data-uid="d743f0f2-b35d-470b-8579-0598350613e1">"Do you need the script?"</p><p data-uid="66da411f-6fb2-462d-b18d-0357f4e41529">Yoo-Jin shook her head at Kim Soo-Hee's question. "No, ma'am. I've memorized it all."</p><p data-uid="ef3cda06-600c-4257-956e-ee0ddf493223">"Hmm. You've got potential. Then let's start with Scene 23 where shaman Wol-Ah performs a ritual. You know it, right? Show me what you've got."</p><p data-uid="24cdd869-5024-408f-8ada-f2621c2ffd8f">Scene 23 of <em>In the Name of God </em>featured Korea's top shaman, Wol-Ah, performing a ritual to change the fate of a client with a tangled fortune.</p><p data-uid="22f37e81-4cac-443d-93c7-2c903b78a302">Yoo-Jin slowly took a deep breath and began to adjust her posture. After...</p>