---
title: "Chapter 746: First Broadcast Of Project I.O.A (2)"
weight: 746
---
<p data-uid="9122f8f0-aa24-44cb-a905-1ce77dd0068c"><span>Everyday sent notifications when I met someone involved in an incident or heard news or information about it. However, the notification had popped up the moment I saw Woo Yeon-Hee meeting with Team 5's Song Mi-Hee on the second floor via the screen. That meant Song Mi-Hee was the most likely person to have leaked the information.</span></p><p data-uid="46d7d169-9010-4a44-9529-82a93d01cc4a"><span>Yet I just couldn't wrap my head around it. She was considered the most prepared contestant. There was no reason for someone like her to risk everything by leaking something so dangerous.</span></p><p data-uid="bd3f22c0-177a-4252-8b5a-00d0fe33873e"><span>Still confused, I checked Everyday again.</span></p><p data-uid="b306b110-8557-40e6-921e-25cc45ef77f1"><span>[Everyday V13]</span></p><p data-uid="4b7f42d1-388e-423b-9cb0-0d901f43345d"><span>[Date: March 15, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="fc1c4395-4d52-4320-92d9-fd0df812b829"><span>-00:30 a.m.: [NEW. Woo Yeon-Hee]</span></p><p data-uid="19c0407e-3123-471a-a9e0-67a2d371c017"><span>'Star Exclusive' Interview. "The <em>Project I.O.A</em> production team bowed in apology regarding the premature leak of team assignments. Cherry Blossom's leader, Woo Yeon-Hee—serving as a judge—also promised to prevent any recurrence, speaking as a representative idol."</span></p><p data-uid="a6e334e7-050a-4424-a06d-e06dbc794368"><span>(Others: Director Ahn Ye-Eum, Chief Lee Dong-Min, and Chief Jung Yoon-Ho also issued formal apologies. Investigate further regarding the 9 p.m. leak of team assignments.)</span></p><p data-uid="35edd4a7-cda7-4a15-bed3-5e6a3922069c"><span>No matter how many times I read it, the schedule entry alone didn't reveal how the information was leaked. On top of that, there was something else that didn't make sense either.</span></p><p data-uid="1b97ee83-1de7-45ff-a086-be23dcefd70c"><span>'<em>There wasn't any time to use a phone secretly</em>.'</span></p><p data-uid="b9ff2f1b-9e2f-4e1a-a7e9-220315dbee6a"><span>If Song Mi-Hee leaked the info, she would have had to contact someone by phone. However,...</span></p>