---
title: "Chapter 863: Popular Guy (3)"
weight: 863
---
<p data-uid="44a95c3b-0979-4fad-83f7-e889d8c5dbc9"><span><span>When Jin Sol-Ah confessed her feelings to me, even President Jang Ji-Hye and the other crew members on set froze for a moment.</span></span></p><p data-uid="e2d7d9b1-d159-4f2d-a284-cfbdf2c59c6d"><span><span>Miso, who had just finished her makeup and was stepping out, also stared at me in shock after hearing what Jin Sol-Ah said.</span></span></p><p data-uid="0c8cea3e-2d33-4e76-8a7d-58baa4d73f63"><span><span>I stared back in disbelief, and Jin Sol-Ah spoke again. "If it's too much, we could just start casually."</span></span></p><p data-uid="ed905352-d303-48c2-bcae-f098805ba3a3"><span><span>'</span><em><span>Jin Sol-Ah. What are you really up to</span></em><span>?'</span></span></p><p data-uid="23a94153-bc93-4565-9a6d-25506a69087f"><span><span>No matter how pretty or popular Jin Sol-Ah was, I had zero interest in her.</span></span></p><p data-uid="4e50acc3-7cd1-436c-8f1f-26a194beb79c"><span><span>Before the regression, I had personally managed Jin Sol-Ah for about three months while she was with Top Entertainment. So I knew very well that, contrary to her image, she had a narcissistic and self-centered personality.</span></span></p><p data-uid="0d787d2b-5d60-43e7-8aef-e539b2545161"><span><span>On top of that, she was the youngest daughter of Sejin Industries, which boasted annual revenues in the hundreds of billions, and she constantly said her real dream wasn't to succeed as an actress but to marry into a chaebol family.</span></span></p><p data-uid="9573615a-a4f5-4931-b13d-4ddcc79e6752"><span><span>In the end, she staged a fake "chance" encounter and, at the peak of her career at 29, married the third son of HK Inc., Hong Seok-Joon. Because I knew her true nature and what her future held, Jin Sol-Ah's beautiful appearance did nothing for me.</span></span></p><p data-uid="9eafbd79-7ac0-40c3-85e3-1c7f5869f49c"><span><span>Especially since she was so persistent, I chose the easiest way to reject her.</span></span></p><p data-uid="36566e70-707b-4394-a95d-b08c0ac8e067"><span><span>"I already like someone," I said.</span></span></p><p data-uid="3c92c3b4-0149-4d3f-883b-a076b8d43a91"><span><span>Jin Sol-Ah's large eyes widened even more. "You like someone?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="4eaf57fa-3f51-47c6-99b1-12be19b833d2"><span><span>The crew including Jang Ji-Hye, the cinematographer, and the rest of the staff prepping for the shoot, all looked at me with curiosity, swallowing dryly. Even Miso, who had been approaching with her stylist, stopped in her tracks and blinked in surprise.</span></span></p><p data-uid="504f1b54-d028-4ada-9335-0b081021c42d"><span><span>Nevertheless, I deliberately...</span></span></p>