---
title: "Chapter 283: Jung Yoo-Jin'S Showtime (5)"
weight: 283
---
<p data-uid="94f86d56-670a-496e-b4dd-1a0b2bb428b2"><span>Ju Yung-In was in a luxurious van, constantly checking her phone despite her restless night.</span></p><p data-uid="627b2ec4-a4fc-4b3d-a5f0-d25252cab0f9"><span>"Everyone is talking about Jung Yoo-Jin... this website too..." she muttered.</span></p><p data-uid="a04f72c4-2f55-4ba9-9f3e-33e448115272"><span>Almost dazed, Ju Yung-In muttered Jung Yoo-Jin's name. She was genuinely overwhelmed by a sense of defeat she had never experienced before.</span></p><p data-uid="8c5ecee3-ee97-4445-bb36-2c6162742e5a"><span>During </span><em><span>Blue Sky</span></em><span>, she knew she hadn't given her best. So even though Jung Yoo-Jin's name overshadowed hers, it didn't truly feel like a loss.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="525631ae-e8cd-41bb-827c-01c12c4859b5"><span>However, it was different this time. She believed she had given an outstanding performance with her best effort.</span></p><p data-uid="9c6d0bfa-6ba8-4c7e-ab84-4866748cfdfa"><span>Yet the articles only praised Jung Yoo-Jin's performance as the supporting role, Manshin Wol-Ah.</span></p><p data-uid="b9ee97cf-c94a-4437-a4be-d8a7ffbbb0dc"><span>Moreover, the words that irritated her the most were 'Genius Actress Jung Yoo-Jin.'&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="4d704340-ee3c-4d4a-ab46-67c77fa31747"><span>Ju Yung-In had once received similar praise. However, the atmosphere around the evaluations of Jung Yoo-Jin was entirely different from when Ju Yung-In received them.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="13b38ae5-f1f9-46cf-b25e-f11d5a79a22a"><span>Industry seniors, producers, and even staff members on set were all praising Jung Yoo-Jin and this made it harder for Ju Yung-In to control her emotions each time she read the articles. It was the first time since her debut that she felt such inferiority.</span></p><p data-uid="985cf4a1-e30f-44df-ba6a-b25e80de10f9"><span>When Ju Yung-In began to scratch her head out of frustration, Chief Ahn Yung-Hee who was sitting next to her and also on her phone, took her phone away. "Stop looking at your phone."</span></p><p data-uid="db3e6b63-5e76-43ab-8be9-b5469f0b1a66"><span>"Hey!...</span></p>