---
title: "Chapter 539: Preview Battle (1)"
weight: 539
---
<p data-uid="72b4ca21-2466-4887-bdfd-38e94165193e"><span>"Mr. Jung. What do you say to teaming up with me? I'll be your sponsor."</span></p><p data-uid="5643571e-5522-4435-af48-e4a2434a4cbe"><span>Jung In-Hwan was blatantly revealing his greedy ambition, perhaps thinking he had found someone useful. He was offering his protection in exchange for a steady supply of information.</span></p><p data-uid="f66ba343-0700-4033-998b-fba25ef2c6bf"><span>But to someone like me, who had even turned down an offer from Kim Bu-Ho, the proposal from the third son of Jung Sung Inc. was laughable.</span></p><p data-uid="254f3e72-6326-4547-b082-276212ce0838"><span>I shook my head and said, "I'm sorry. I've never considered being sponsored by anyone."</span></p><p data-uid="71304e3f-b228-4d58-a0b7-6ece3bb29c77"><span>Maybe thinking I hadn't understood, Jung In-Hwan repeated himself. "Perhaps there's been a misunderstanding. If you join hands with me, you'll not only have financial backing but also full support from Jung Sung Inc. On top of that, I'll grant you full membership in the Leaders Club."</span></p><p data-uid="27ac6c2d-e21e-4d35-9861-ee7a4f92e9ff"><span>"Full membership?"</span></p><p data-uid="f9f33b9a-b657-4faa-ac0f-ea382b1b7a51"><span>Jung In-Hwan nodded with confidence. "I don't know if you're aware, but becoming a member of the Leaders Club isn't an opportunity given to just anyone. I'm offering it because I value your information network. Think it over carefully."</span></p><p data-uid="aee438a9-912b-41f5-aaaf-c438d188f6fe"><span>A brief stir ran through the room. Even though Jung In-Hwan was the head of the club, it seemed some members were displeased by the idea of granting full membership to someone outside the royal family ranks.</span></p><p data-uid="1300b343-6330-4574-91fd-846e01d61781"><span>However, the offer was already a no from my end. This was because not only Jung In-Hwan, but most of the Leaders Club members gathered here were destined to be arrested within two years.</span></p><p data-uid="e9e30538-8849-43f0-a215-477a4730a38a"><span>They were all involved with stock manipulation, embezzlement, breach of trust, assaulting...</span></p>