---
title: "Chapter 215: Her Transformation (1)"
weight: 215
---
<p data-uid="078d1cee-8af0-4923-bc79-6bb2c68be355">Kim Jong-Hoon made a shocked expression when I showed my confidence in promoting Kang Ha-Na without the plan to call reporters or hold a showcase.</p><p data-uid="90fb426f-fdf6-4a16-b20c-5025f4f3dc0b">"Yoon-Ho, how do you plan to make Ha-Na popular within just three months? Is that even possible without spending much money?"</p><p data-uid="a1292c01-ec6a-40ec-9ae0-434fbab422b5">I replied, "Of course it's possible. But I can't tell you how."</p><p data-uid="5da96a66-35e1-4dc7-8278-529f455d99f9">I knew how Kang Ha-Na would succeed based on my knowledge of my past life. With my experience added on top of that, I could easily make her known in the shortest time.</p><p data-uid="81a8fc1e-4636-4051-a097-1e6d7b9afc91">But I couldn't share those detailed stories with everyone.</p><p data-uid="2ea19d01-c1a1-4e3c-81e4-4d94f5ce50cd">I looked at Kim Jong-Hoon, who had an incredulous look on his face, and smiled. "If it takes longer than three months, you can reveal your name first."</p><p data-uid="39885b6d-0e2d-4941-b607-12184d7ba1da">Kim Jong-Hoon stared at me intently. "Really?"</p><p data-uid="2312f5aa-04a1-4e48-b173-0af21d50585b">"Yes, really."</p><p data-uid="77932994-38fc-42c1-bb11-f8dee0ef5a88">After a moment of silence, Kim Jong-Hoon eventually extended his hand. "Okay. I'll do that."</p><p data-uid="20251699-f24a-490e-9704-d12621f789d0">I announced that the name 'Singer-songwriter Kang Ha-Na' would be established in just three months. Because of this declaration, everyone's faces began to fill with anticipation.</p><p data-uid="c6b2547b-c65d-4858-8c78-fcb64b7a86f9">"But Jong-Hoon, what will the pseudonym be?" I asked him.</p><p data-uid="fa1443f3-02fc-4fe5-9142-664d2e832280">Kim Jong-Hoon answered with a proud expression. "EOD."</p><p data-uid="a38436ca-4abc-449f-aa75-928ec39d891d">"You don't mean Explosive Ordnance Disposal as in bomb disposal, do you?"</p><p data-uid="36db090c-70f8-4c2b-8b31-b505434562b9">"No, It means End of Day. The end of the day!"</p><p data-uid="fdbf2ce7-42d6-4a97-99d2-da83cc96d7fe">"Ha ha. Is-is that so?"</p><p data-uid="c0aa3ccc-d95d-42f9-b983-581917b14157">When I smiled awkwardly, Kim Jong-Hoon clicked his tongue. "How could you think of a bomb disposal team when I said EOD?"</p><p data-uid="da7b4ad9-bcc1-4553-a420-c8774662dd5d">I raised my eyebrows. "It could happen."</p><p data-uid="1f84887c-f501-4402-9971-596b5866626b">Kim Jung-Hoon shrugged. "Anyway, you're...</p>