---
title: "Chapter 317: Seo Jae-Ill (1)"
weight: 317
---
<p data-uid="ef5e4ab3-fbe2-467a-9dd6-9f6b5f3c9394"><span>After instructing the team to organize the list of advertisements pouring in for Kang Ha-Na, I quickly left the company.</span></p><p data-uid="79df0a85-80b3-4db7-8128-bc044e2dc29c"><span>Café Goindol, where Seo Jae-Ill was waiting, was less than a five-minute walk from the office.</span></p><p data-uid="ff21e12f-5aa4-4651-a982-0a83ecaa9a1c"><span>However, I deliberately walked slowly while calling Lee Soo-Chan. "Soo-Chan, do you know anything about Prosecutor Seo Jae-Ill?"</span></p><p data-uid="670b05d2-186c-409c-a22a-0ecf539467db"><span>Lee Soo-Chan answered the call and began talking about what he knew about Seo Jae-Ill.</span></p><p data-uid="707b4f14-9c5b-4596-9a92-41475959e9a3"><span>The 35-year-old Seo Jae-Ill was known as the 'Mad Dog' of the Seoul Central District Prosecutor's Office. He was a prosecutor who led all kinds of investigations from high-profile corruption cases to everyday crimes.</span></p><p data-uid="fc2d524e-b11d-4a40-90a2-5656438cc61b"><span>He worked as if he were the one safeguarding all of society's justice, which made him a nuisance even amongst prosecutors.</span></p><p data-uid="c795ad4a-eb3d-474d-96e8-7d4249b1301c"><span>Nonetheless, the fact that he was called the ace in the elite Seoul Central District Prosecutor's Office was proof of his competence.</span></p><p data-uid="281a8750-ef77-4759-9764-a8e7085f0a5e"><span>Moreover, most gangsters didn't even dare make eye contact with him due to his enormous physique and national team-level judo skills.</span></p><p data-uid="ebc5aa8a-1b2e-47d8-9b15-8141112e40ee"><span>Lee Soo-Chan explained that he was known as one of the few reliable prosecutors.</span></p><p data-uid="68f3a745-98d0-40f9-8a75-811d579a9f97"><span>-That's why Eun-Gi hyung-nim chose to turn himself in to Prosecutor Seo—to avoid getting backstabbed.</span></p><p data-uid="4b91946a-4ef9-4a92-8fea-f424c16a557a"><span>"Got it. I have a rough idea of what kind of person he is."</span></p><p data-uid="a470265c-96ff-4622-bf7a-b2b96386ea16"><span>Ending the call with Lee Soo-Chan, I learned that even my visits with Kang Eun-Gi were in the hands of Seo Jae-Ill.</span></p><p data-uid="b0baef94-1a84-4e20-9257-8c732ef436ec"><span>The reason Seo Jae-Ill was seeking me out was likely because of the incident at the hospital where Kang Eun-Gi was attacked.</span></p><p data-uid="73150f5b-f08d-44b6-840a-80a3244b4f64"><span>With that thought, I steeled myself and quickened my pace. After...</span></p>