---
title: "Chapter 700: Haze Audition (2)"
weight: 700
---
<p data-uid="6e17b73e-9e60-4c29-8db4-5f645d46bb4b"><span>In Haze, God Illyeong was always running from God Wolryeong. This was because she retained the memory of dying at age seven as a sacrifice to Wolryeong, who had once been a shaman a hundred years ago.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="577d2c4d-bd25-49b6-a8cd-729629058a60"><span>The scene we were acting out now was from episode 3, where God Illyeong appeared before God Wolryeong to save the stranded fishermen on the island. As soon as the acting began, Miso slipped into character in the blink of an eye as always.</span></p><p data-uid="1eb2d5ea-d6f3-4531-b082-f6fad3b11e4d"><span>Miso looked at me with a shocked expression and began to speak with a trembling voice.</span></p><p data-uid="b135d78f-ce4c-489a-a82f-10f594f720dc"><span>『Grandpa Wolryeong…?』</span></p><p data-uid="44e5277a-5040-4280-a501-8033f9ff79b0"><span>At that moment, I followed the script and began to glare at Miso like I really was God Wolryeong, licking my lips. In the story, God Wolryeong tried to absorb the soul of God Illyeong. So I let out a sinister giggle and walked toward her with big steps.</span></p><p data-uid="90539152-6a7b-439a-b847-b356da112572"><span>Stretching out both hands as if I was about to grab Miso, I began delivering my line.</span></p><p data-uid="01bbdd11-c3ef-4f20-b6e5-dd865dcb4012"><span>『Illyeong. After all that running, we finally met! </span><em><span>Hehehe</span></em><span>. You can't run anymore. You shall now become my child spirit!』</span></p><p data-uid="35357361-f481-4ab1-b966-e446f488b047"><span>That's when Miso unexpectedly began to stammer and took a step back.</span></p><p data-uid="7f47ef53-0315-40a7-973d-8e01720e74c1"><span>『W-what should I do… huh? What was next?』</span></p><p data-uid="53441831-b040-4d92-8ef1-6c19eb597f85"><span>Miso forgot her line and snapped out of character. And in that instant, I understood exactly what the problem was.</span></p><p data-uid="750e7929-6586-47d3-aadc-518af962f832"><span>'</span><em><span>Could it really be that Miso got scared…?</span></em><span>'</span></p><p data-uid="da227bf4-72aa-4389-8b40-a75bfe000df7"><span>This was actually a problem common to all child actors. When adult actors used aggressive tones, yelled, or threw things during intense scenes, most kids became frightened and broke out of character.</span></p><p data-uid="e7a46ab1-05ce-457e-8167-be4941117755"><span>When someone significantly bigger and stronger threatened them, children instinctively shrank...</span></p>