---
title: "Chapter 318: Seo Jae-Ill (2)"
weight: 318
---
<p data-uid="987ca6f8-f62d-46e0-bab2-78ba4073b520"><span>"What's that supposed to mean? Why is Prosecutor Seo getting demoted?" I asked.</span></p><p data-uid="860ed6a0-9c07-4987-8037-1a321eaeef09"><span>"I heard the higher-ups ordered him to stop the investigation. He is resisting, but he'll be reassigned to a provincial post if this continues," Kang Eun-Gi explained.</span></p><p data-uid="af9cc641-be19-4104-9b4b-38729005dd41"><span>Seo Jae-Ill had uncovered that the kidnappers of Nalsae were part of a violent gang called the Icheon faction operating in Icheon, Gyeonggi-do.</span></p><p data-uid="3a0bbab9-5b8e-4e8a-98ff-2e026853ad3d"><span>However, as soon as the investigation began, the Icheon faction suddenly disbanded and the kidnappers' whereabouts became unknown.</span></p><p data-uid="b5e1a895-6a9e-4a40-8d84-7a6d0f16b8a5"><span>Additionally, before the authorities could even issue wanted notices for the missing kidnappers, pressure came down from above.</span></p><p data-uid="b6465803-dbd2-4fa7-99d3-a68e004b70b6"><span>Enraged, Seo Jae-Ill confronted his superiors and was now on the brink of demotion.</span></p><p data-uid="e7a907fa-f520-4227-a973-3f9e103461e7"><span>"It looks like Choi Man-Sik pulled some strings, huh?" I remarked.</span></p><p data-uid="82668cee-26c0-48b7-bd12-6bafc24a69ce"><span>Kang Eun-Gi nodded in agreement. "But Yoon-Ho, did you mention Choi Man-Sik's name to Prosecutor Seo by chance?"</span></p><p data-uid="b9f7c08c-9eff-4176-b4e8-b6411681f517"><span>"No, I just tipped him off to look into Nalsae's kidnappers."</span></p><p data-uid="bdac984b-8570-4c23-b785-a797d943d627"><span>Even though I knew how capable Seo Jae-Ill was, I didn't expect him to take down someone as big as Choi Man-Sik, the future son-in-law of a high-ranking government official, in one go.</span></p><p data-uid="b3ef270c-a630-4435-a0fe-15755f3f5f07"><span>I had hoped he might at least sever Choi Man-Sik's underlings, but it seemed Choi Man-Sik's side had acted more decisively than I'd anticipated.</span></p><p data-uid="e4f4b069-7ac7-4056-a602-87237c532319"><span>"If Prosecutor Seo gets demoted, what will happen to you? What about your safety?" I asked with concern.</span></p><p data-uid="b7f5fe6e-e799-4bd7-b0ca-b16c059a0797"><span>"Don't worry. I've got plenty of people here on my side."</span></p><p data-uid="a29a38b2-5f7c-4317-9bf8-15a56142a419"><span>"Stop with the nonsense and tell me the truth!"</span></p><p data-uid="7c2163aa-399f-485b-acab-3c9fe14bed3f"><span>"...It'll...</span></p>