---
title: "Chapter 99: Storm (2)"
weight: 99
---
<p data-uid="a9c7608c-b036-4446-b1ba-c0c060288c20">I took down all the guards surrounding the entrance and made my way into the living room. I found myself soaked in sweat and panting without even realizing it.</p><p data-uid="eae58183-9e47-4af0-9de8-9924df8192c4">Inside Lee Tae-Poong's living room, an absurd scene was unfolding—Kim Ae-Ja was sitting comfortably on the sofa as if it were her own home while Lee Tae-Poong and Lee Dae-Ho were kneeling opposite her.</p><p data-uid="bb1bedf4-bc02-46c0-8380-a1c42febfe3f">Annoyance surged through me.</p><p data-uid="1cd49176-6c6d-481e-8acf-4375f367529c">Lee Tae-Poong looked at me with a shocked expression. "Hyung..."</p><p data-uid="5a67c802-b6a2-4c58-9409-d32ac94368bf">"Get up! Didn't you hear me say not to meet with anyone from Daecheon Inc?"</p><p data-uid="13853059-2510-454e-b27f-5bff37ef64f6">“N-no, it's not like that. I didn’t want to but..." Lee Tae-Poong stammered in a flustered manner.</p><p data-uid="2588ec48-5217-4881-be2a-ea5297d8deff">"H-hyung. What happened was... these people just barged in and..." Lee Tae-Poong tried to explain the situation, but I wasn't interested in excuses.</p><p data-uid="bab9c7e4-0a51-45cd-8906-5cae1cbea050">As long as it wasn’t a serious matter involving crime, such as drugs, I could stop anything—and I had a way to counter Kim Ae-Ja's threats.</p><p data-uid="23708b0b-b474-45b5-89ef-572b5978a4a1">"I’ll listen to your explanation later. For now, get up."</p><p data-uid="34ea752f-e608-4831-bc26-4012e1681eef">At that moment, Kim Ae-Ja's face crumpled instantly. "Secretary Im! Didn't I say not to let anyone in!?"</p><p data-uid="3ac4b16f-01d0-42fe-9eb5-a0c1a644d990">"Y-yes, ma’am!"</p><p data-uid="0b83b0f8-64ef-4f9b-9226-a475fe49cce2">A man in a suit, called Secretary Im, approached me. Then, he bit his lips tightly and suddenly threw a punch at me.</p><p data-uid="fddbe9ad-73b8-4bd8-b3b8-6b615e194ca4">I dodged and countered with a light punch to his solar plexus.</p><p data-uid="9a558707-eeff-49ef-b611-50de6d73eea1"><em>Thud!</em></p><p data-uid="a7a2137e-3fa8-421c-a048-9829ed0db1c6">The secretary clutched his solar plexus and began rolling on the ground. "Ugh..."</p><p data-uid="b558da82-e4e6-4dbf-bed5-2046f0f4824c">As her trusted secretary...</p>