---
title: "Chapter 48: Fate Is Gathering (1)"
weight: 48
---
<p data-uid="567eade5-c81c-4596-9c6a-36ba86435b2e">I was greeted with good news when I returned to the company after receiving a call from Lee Dong-Min.</p><p data-uid="15fc32c3-4d69-4ab3-9187-1b4494df0be7">"Mr. Lee. Is it true that Wheelies is sponsoring shoes for us?"</p><p data-uid="3b7b25fb-e9e6-4de5-8c7c-e21313fbbef6">"Yes, I just got the call."</p><p data-uid="a763da5c-552a-4445-985a-ee4f98b5ff89">Apparently, the white casual shoes Cherry Blossom wore on stage became a hot topic on social media after making it to the trending live searches. Thanks to that, Wheelies, the manufacturer of those shoes, offered a sponsorship.</p><p data-uid="90d7129b-35d8-4e4b-a32e-c744a9567ee9">"They said they can send it over right now via express delivery as soon as the order is placed. So make sure you call them first thing tomorrow morning and receive them."</p><p data-uid="56434c01-ffce-4da5-9496-7feb496aabab">"Yes, sir."</p><p data-uid="0690dcdd-badf-4498-8f91-db78871aea0b">Han Myung-Ho happily received the contact details from Lee Dong-Min.</p><p data-uid="11465739-62b5-4900-af50-938f11cd5ca2">Sponsorships were usually requested by agencies. No matter how many proposals agencies throw around and how they bribe the advertising companies, the success rate was less than 10%. Of course, the treatment was different for popular celebrities, where the advertising companies would be the ones to beg for a sponsorship contract. Hence, Wheelies making the first move to reach out to us was a good sign.</p><p data-uid="39bf250d-0ba6-422f-ab1c-527053007d40">"It's a pity it's not an ad offer, but still, it's something. Oh, also ask for several pairs in different colors for the girls' outfits. Make sure to receive them properly."</p><p data-uid="ffa712b3-bb28-4aaf-a6e8-fa2cf230d847">‘<em>Yes. We should definitely take whatever we can while we are offered.</em>’</p><p data-uid="39fb6834-0ac9-4bd5-90aa-84a1c8c05b13">Han Myung-Ho nodded continuously, but I felt a bit disappointed. If Cherry Blossom were a little bit...</p>