---
title: "Chapter 808: The First Eliminated Contestants (3)"
weight: 808
---
<p data-uid="59f8bd11-6ce2-4431-8ffa-b5c452b035ee"><span><span>I started by calmly trying to reason with Kudo Akira, who was shouting about a rigged vote just because his daughter had lost.</span></span></p><p data-uid="46730c1f-3566-40a5-bd8f-48ccbdf1f26e"><span><span>"This stage was one Minatsu was bound to lose," I said.</span></span></p><p data-uid="b639085e-8ce1-4b1d-add8-6756f9b4d6f5"><span><span>"What? What do you mean, bound to lose?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="5f83c137-fa12-494f-971b-b68d85131407"><span><span>"She made a mistake by wearing Japanese-style clothes and a Noh mask at the Korean preliminaries."</span></span></p><p data-uid="564fc6a8-4cdb-4894-b41e-85a1bd6dded6"><span><span>If Kudo Minatsu hadn't come out wearing a traditional Japanese Noh mask when she sang 'Soul Fire,' the result might have been a little different. Yet to Koreans, that kind of masked performance was unfamiliar. On top of that, seeing an idol cover her face with a goblin mask just didn't sit well.</span></span></p><p data-uid="0a270533-dbd7-450c-95b7-33a47fdd2ed8"><span><span>However, the bigger issue was that her character had vanished. Over the last two weeks, Kudo Minatsu had built an image of being the cute younger sister type. But in today's battle, she tried to show off her skills and artistic flair. And in doing so, she completely wrecked the cute character she had worked so hard to create. Naturally, the fans who were expecting another adorable stage couldn't help but be disappointed.</span></span></p><p data-uid="c0ef9979-5ba2-449b-b12c-8ab1aa318c79"><span><span>After all,</span><em><span> Project I.O.A </span></em><span>was a show to choose an idol, not to crown an artist.</span></span></p><p data-uid="ca8987bd-f190-41d5-ba0e-ff50a704abc7"><span><span>I explained that to him, but Kudo Akira still wouldn't accept it and raised his voice. "Hey! Even the judges said the overall performance was better from my daughter! So if this is the result, you must've rigged it! Don't think I don't know how production staff meddle in these audition shows!"</span></span></p><p data-uid="28219c26-5e85-4dea-8784-24670046b9b9"><span><span>Kudo Akira was a famous producer who ran his own label THE AKIRA under AMOSE, and he currently produced the girl group MEME—a five-member group...</span></span></p>