---
title: "Chapter 532: Back Side (2)"
weight: 532
---
<p data-uid="0342cacf-4d7f-4bcc-a183-cc69e0a4593c"><span>"It's HK Inc."</span></p><p data-uid="c1b44399-0de6-4638-9315-c1e9c594fab0"><span>"HK?"</span></p><p data-uid="0b462ce9-6a4c-40af-9bb9-c9b6fa020640"><span>"Yes. I was threatened that if we don't cancel the production announcement, we won't be able to do any business related to HK Inc. going forward."</span></p><p data-uid="b5fc6c92-0300-4675-9d53-98f89851f175"><span>Since HK Inc. was the 12th largest conglomerate, they frequently held various events at the hotel. The revenue HK Inc. generated every year was so enormous that the hotel couldn't ignore their requests.</span></p><p data-uid="c6afc76c-2532-41f2-ad01-f8e00b1d61e9"><span>"Then do you happen to know who gave the order?"</span></p><p data-uid="87078dac-1b5f-4d32-b5d5-fad7f350cb10"><span>"I don't know the details, but I'm certain it came from pretty high up."</span></p><p data-uid="9b1ba072-ee5b-47d9-962b-d86f69f04480"><span>At that moment, one person came to mind—Hong Seok-Joon, President of HK Electronics. As the third son of HK Inc., he and I had crossed paths a few days ago at Jinseong Resort in Gwangju. He probably misunderstood my relationship with Jin Ah-Ram, so there was a chance he was behind this.</span></p><p data-uid="37c5dfad-0e89-4ef3-8bad-8b8ec2e4f538"><span>However, since I couldn't be 100% sure he was the culprit, I decided to secure a different venue for the production announcement. After all, we might end up having to hold MBS's production announcement at the broadcasting station if KBC's <em>Queen Jeong-Hee</em> uses the hotel.</span></p><p data-uid="67004e28-840d-4e57-99e6-673e685ee272"><span>That's when Kim Taek-Gyun, who had been watching me cautiously, spoke carefully. "This might be awkward to say, but I also heard that HK Inc. has already influenced most hotels in Seoul."</span></p><p data-uid="e551b9aa-d617-4fa4-aa69-c6cf06987ba8"><span>"Understood."</span></p><p data-uid="d3137ef6-5ab5-426a-89b5-8173ba2c667f"><span>"Then, what about me now..."</span></p><p data-uid="56e43d3d-a25c-4b04-86d5-23e70f3b64d0"><span>"You won't be reported. So until I contact you, please keep it a secret from HK Inc that I came here and asked questions."</span></p><p data-uid="4c071f6c-2f54-4c93-b9b2-f415dc071e19"><span>"Ah, got it."</span></p><p data-uid="ad243583-6e01-44e6-b3b6-4ac426b3595c"><span>Since we had agreed to keep quiet about the corruption...</span></p>