---
title: "Chapter 497: Insider And The Outsider (3)"
weight: 497
---
<p data-uid="a9a4408e-720d-421a-905b-c0669a2b6d1a"><span>The meeting of team leads began with introductions of the newly appointed ones.</span></p><p data-uid="101c7c21-bc04-4832-92b4-6d0269797287"><span>Kang Gam-Chan pointed at the team leads lined up in a row. "Baek Sae-Gi, Nam Pan-Gyu, Yeon So-Hee, Baek Hee-Yung, Ahn Yoo-Seon—these five have been recruited at the team lead level. Let's all give them a warm round of applause."</span></p><p data-uid="fc0692bd-9e58-4b8b-b957-3ef3d9180a9a"><span>"Nice to meet you."</span></p><p data-uid="f93b0a7f-8b58-441e-aa29-25dec05a155a"><span>"Wow, Team Lead Baek. You're here too?"</span></p><p data-uid="fdf75384-823f-45c7-9eb4-2bbb48816b44"><span>"<em>Haha</em>, well now. Weren't you at the chief level? Did you apply for a team lead position?"</span></p><p data-uid="82e2c4b9-668a-4eac-95d1-0c777394d18b"><span>As expected, out of the five team leads, everyone's eyes were on Baek Sae-Gi since they were well aware of his exceptional abilities.</span></p><p data-uid="35b2e8d1-5d7b-448a-90ea-b8da983c93df"><span>Anyway, the team leads recruited before the merger with Gwanwoo Entertainment were all non-Suhyaejong graduates. Perhaps because of that, the team leads from Suhyaejong didn't look too pleased.</span></p><p data-uid="858d8d7b-b56f-42f9-9706-999a64508e71"><span>Of course, Kang Gam-Chan didn't care. "I've assigned the team leads at my discretion. And since Team Jung will soon be upgraded to a division, we'll call it 'Division Jung' for now."</span></p><p data-uid="eeb499d7-14ac-40c8-b349-c04452040b9e"><span>Although it wasn't an official division yet, Kang Gam-Chan began referring to it as 'Division Jung.'&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="763e89de-4487-4ef4-b2d2-89fd8a9154f5"><span>"Nam Pan-Gyu, Yeon So-Hee, and Baek Hee-Yung will be part of Division Jung."</span></p><p data-uid="dfc7a07a-812e-49ce-a41f-951acfdc60b5"><span>The three newly recruited team leads bowed their heads toward me.</span></p><p data-uid="2b569795-a9c2-4682-8f54-52a20ed867e8"><span>Kang Gam-Chan continued, "Next, Ahn Yoo-Seon will be assigned to Actor Division 1, and Baek Sae-Gi will be assigned to Actor Division 3…"</span></p><p data-uid="7810b5f4-0f11-470d-b34b-42b9839a3ee8"><span>At that moment, the flustered looking Baek Sae-Gi spoke up. "Mr. Kang, this isn't what we agreed on. You clearly said I'd be assigned under Team Lead Jung, didn't you?"</span></p><p data-uid="e349f4bb-f631-40b2-8952-4d7e636a71b5"><span>Kang Gam-Chan cut him off firmly. "I know. But right now, Actor Division 3...</span></p>