---
title: "Chapter 751: Qualifications Of A Parent (2)"
weight: 751
---
<p data-uid="28a41007-28f1-4340-9e6d-b213cdfdae53"><span>The four burly men dragging a suitcase behind them suddenly exploded in furious Chinese. They were none other than Wang Long's personal bodyguards, who had entered the country disguised as staff of the Shanghai New Media Inc. All of them were ex-special forces.</span></p><p data-uid="89f2ddc8-c34f-46e1-8ada-166f3ce45a8f"><span>Behind them, Wang Long appeared, striding forward in dark sunglasses.</span></p><p data-uid="e0ba6b47-afa3-477f-b20b-dda7e3799484"><span>"Get him."</span></p><p data-uid="11743239-dbfe-49e1-980c-50f41284e921"><span>At Wang Long's command, the bodyguards bowed slightly. Then they rushed in and seized Song Chang-Sik by the arms in a flash.</span></p><p data-uid="6a72bad2-6d47-413c-a2c2-068d2fdc5253"><span>As the men pinned him down so he couldn't move an inch, Song Chang-Sik's face twisted with fear. "W-What the hell? Who are these people?"</span></p><p data-uid="c24bc1fa-1493-425c-8051-67fa7cd89f09"><span>I looked at Song Chang-Sik calmly and replied, "I know very well that people like you never listen to words. A few punches won't change your mind either. So you might as well take this chance to enjoy a little sightseeing in China."</span></p><p data-uid="2894a3e1-42e8-4711-a358-6226e1d7589e"><span>"Ch-China? You're sending me to China?"</span></p><p data-uid="516f4b13-3e49-430a-964f-0d4d9bcb018e"><span>I nodded and asked Wang Long for a favor. "Take care of him on the way."</span></p><p data-uid="9f1e83f7-3859-42e8-bf21-5594a4bb7e70"><span>Now standing beside me, Wang Long curled his lips into a cold smile, exuding the aura of a Chinese gang boss. "There's a ship leaving Incheon Port for China this morning. We'll just load him onto that. It's perfect timing, actually. We're short on labor at a mine in Sichuan Province. And for the record, it's about three thousand kilometers from here, so don't even think about running."</span></p><p data-uid="f6f114c9-0294-4109-8028-42bc3fc282ae"><span>As Wang Long explained in surprisingly fluent Korean, Song Chang-Sik's face turned ghostly pale. "Y-You think you'll get away with this? This is a lawful country!"</span></p><p data-uid="d26eb63f-ea2c-4b18-b55b-2ef2f3cf31c5"><span>I chuckled and answered. "Lawful country? Did you think of the law when you beat Mi-Hee and her mother? No, you didn't."</span></p><p data-uid="ecb8b3e9-9269-4a52-8a73-7d8783617f48"><span>"T-That was…"</span></p><p data-uid="297d447b-b10a-452c-b55a-aa9bb94daaeb"><span>"And I gave you a chance. You were the one who threw it away. Isn't that right?"</span></p><p data-uid="c087147e-42be-40bf-894d-56fdfd35d8f9"><span>With those final words, I nodded to Wang Long.</span></p><p data-uid="9a73d355-c38f-425b-83bc-7b71972c3f6e"><span>Wang Long grinned and gave instructions to his men. "Gag him and pack him in the suitcase."</span></p><p data-uid="240ce6d5-6da8-45f1-9541-a51a8154a880"><span>The guards...</span></p>