---
title: "Chapter 488: Switching Sides (2)"
weight: 488
---
<p data-uid="71c262c7-46a8-404a-9086-027de120921a"><span>"If you switch sides, I'll pay you double the amount you were offered. What do you think?"</span></p><p data-uid="0f355190-80f1-4c52-b515-87ab80cf05b8"><span>Park Hee-Joon was stunned by my proposal. "Th-this is so sudden..."</span></p><p data-uid="3f2c0db1-6f44-464c-bdc3-0006ca2d0e60"><span>Since I had the JS Club card that Jin Ah-Ram gave me, spending that much money wasn't a problem.</span></p><p data-uid="a304a0dd-b65b-418e-8e58-50e1e83f5a5c"><span>I continued, "As you know, both you and I have been caught up in the Jinseong Inc succession battle. In the end, only one person will survive. You might as well side with the winning team. And as you can see, this side is offering more money."</span></p><p data-uid="b90b1c25-1c5a-4c51-942f-b4af9cebcd40"><span>"..."</span></p><p data-uid="f9f1e3b9-23a1-4734-b608-62af1a808b24"><span>"Oh, and since working at Jinseong will be difficult for the time being, I'll also find you a new position where you can fully utilize your skills."</span></p><p data-uid="53056dc6-3ce0-4c51-a3d1-0a4862fbe990"><span>Recently, Reverse Entertainment had recruited Kim Seung-Moon as the chief secretary and he needed a competent subordinate. So I was thinking of offering Park Hee-Joon a position right under him.</span></p><p data-uid="03e980a1-4082-4c28-99df-83f3ac415fd6"><span>Park Hee-Joon showed signs of wavering.</span></p><p data-uid="6b75b2ce-368f-4131-b187-ed781231c186"><span>Taking advantage of the moment, I brought up his past. "Four consecutive years as the top scholarship student at Chungnam K University and the youngest team lead of management support at King Industries—your career is far too good to be wasted cleaning up after Jinseong Inc's mess. You didn't join Jinseong just to do petty work like this, did you?"</span></p><p data-uid="faf03568-448c-4ff9-93f7-6d120633c869"><span>Park Hee-Joon's face turned red. "Did you... investigate me?"</span></p><p data-uid="1685a621-dec0-417a-94d0-4f2da7027226"><span>"If I'm going to ask someone to switch sides, I need to at least know this much."</span></p><p data-uid="1d84a12f-e6c1-4c18-b674-2e84c9004a1b"><span>"And...</span></p>