---
title: "Chapter 840: How To Handle Assault (2)"
weight: 840
---
<p data-uid="0574877d-6ccb-4c4a-867f-03c946bff2f9"><span><span>I had been in the East Wing lounge on the second floor when I got Yang Dong-Jin's message, so I rushed straight down the emergency stairs. But as I was heading toward the first floor, I heard the sound of someone being hit. I looked down the stairwell to see what was happening.</span></span></p><p data-uid="32f72b04-d347-4063-8481-86f88c82eaa8"><span><span>That was when I saw Baek Hong-Gyun, who had been beating his talent agent, now turning his fists on Deok-Bae instead.</span></span></p><p data-uid="ce7da19e-cb55-431f-8e9e-7afcc1d7f8fb"><span><span>For a split second, my vision almost went red. However, it was already too late to stop him, so I clenched my teeth and pulled out my phone to start recording. I was determined to bury Baek Hong-Gyun for good.</span></span></p><p data-uid="d3268a27-75bb-40a5-8919-4de4240b9efe"><span><span>That was when Baek Hong-Gyun's fist slammed into the back of Yang Dong-Jin's head.</span></span></p><p data-uid="d4b2ad8c-5dad-450a-9f46-6e31e8d6cc5a"><span><em><span>Smack.</span></em></span></p><p data-uid="66196794-d7b1-4854-bc63-897f805ad48f"><span><span>Yang Dong-Jin staggered. Suppressing the rage threatening to burst out of my chest, I finished collecting my evidence.</span></span></p><p data-uid="fe859cb9-d44f-4dce-b321-30ab59bfb61c"><span><span>[Recording stopped.]</span></span></p><p data-uid="b37f4457-2299-4dac-8741-24c37bdecd0c"><span><span>Then, Baek Hong-Gyun raised his fist again without a shred of fear.</span></span></p><p data-uid="555119b4-002a-4ecc-b26b-ed86e18af9d5"><span><span>That was when I barked out in a cold voice, "If you swing that hand again, you die by mine."</span></span></p><p data-uid="e21aca94-e52e-4c92-a062-74ab5145baeb"><span><span>Baek Hong-Gyun froze, fist still raised, and looked up the stairs.</span></span></p><p data-uid="0634e20f-d1a5-42af-b545-95ee1018145d"><span><span>Yang Dong-Jin and Choi Deok-Bae turned toward me too, so I immediately spoke to Yang Dong-Jin. "Dong-Jin, take Deok-Bae and get out of here."</span></span></p><p data-uid="34a49243-14b3-4d11-a93c-4c39c017f12b"><span><span>The shaken Yang Dong-Jin tried to pull Deok-Bae away, but Deok-Bae spoke with a pained look. "Hyung… that guy's been beaten badly. We can't just leave him here."</span></span></p><p data-uid="9647af78-19c9-4b42-a1c8-159d2efe0f38"><span><span>One look at Baek Hong-Gyun's talent agent curled up in the corner made it clear they couldn't just walk out. This meant I had no choice but to use Plan B. I didn't need to throw a single punch to take Baek Hong-Gyun down. There were plenty of ways to destroy him without that.</span></span></p><p data-uid="3aa8bd84-bdb7-4b2a-90ad-bcea8f4235ee"><span><span>That was when Baek Hong-Gyun finally recognized me and shouted in rage, "Fuck. What did you just say? You little talent agent trash, threatening to kill a celebrity? Are you out of your mind?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="d513bea4-fd0b-4f57-a158-5754a7615097"><span><span>At thirty-five, Baek Hong-Gyun was considered an...</span></span></p>