---
title: "Chapter 294: Vocal Trainer (1)"
weight: 294
---
<p data-uid="1aa7e38d-7ed2-466f-99f3-0393ca18ed8b"><span>As soon as I sat down in the meeting room, Gu Seong-Cheol leaned over and whispered to me in a low voice. "You're getting a bonus today."</span></p><p data-uid="4ce407da-e715-4533-9195-8fc7a83b8d6d"><span>"A bonus?"</span></p><p data-uid="ff20cb51-6074-46af-b095-3a73d2039b09"><span>"Yeah, and it looks like it's going to be in the hundred millions."</span></p><p data-uid="2bccab30-684e-48f7-8bcf-96497e61b93e"><span>The highest bonus ever given by Hoop Entertainment until now was 50 million won. But now, he was saying that my bonus might be in the hundred millions.</span></p><p data-uid="93be5ebb-9e64-4a7f-af95-6645e51b2c43"><span>Gu Seong-Cheol was practically beaming as if he was the one receiving the bonus. "The exact amount hasn't been mentioned by Mr. Kang, but I figured you should know in advance."</span></p><p data-uid="aab1b398-1153-4a0c-b791-74b55fa9bba7"><span>I smiled and replied, "It looks like we're going to have an interesting meeting today."</span></p><p data-uid="eb1132f2-8359-43b8-87c5-441e40a7804b"><span>As we whispered back and forth, other team leads from each division began to fill the empty seats.</span></p><p data-uid="591c44f3-aebf-40b9-8941-0fe678917ac4"><span>Kim Dong-Soo was the last one to enter the meeting room.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="9122f7b8-f11c-4fe1-a29c-9a586faf8d83"><span>He had been keeping a low profile for awhile now, but today he seemed confident as he held his head high.</span></p><p data-uid="dfc8dec4-7460-4222-80c1-ddcceae58a53"><span>The first item on the agenda was a report on the renewal of a partnership with a Japanese company that Kim Dong-Soo had secured.</span></p><p data-uid="5e733883-5147-4c39-82c7-dcff777bd75f"><span>"We've renewed the contract with Aris Entertainment on a 50-50 revenue split," Kim Dong-Soo reported confidently.</span></p><p data-uid="335bd266-b374-47f4-919b-71b052a1b266"><span>After he had finished his report, applause erupted from everyone regardless of which division they were from. Lee Gi-Cheol and Ju Ho-Sung from the Suhyaejong line, especially, clapped enthusiastically.</span></p><p data-uid="c1abb4c9-aeab-421e-8887-73421bc6a480"><span>"I will work harder to make up for my past mistakes," Kim Dong-Soo added.</span></p><p data-uid="984532ea-494b-4ef0-974d-9b038bccd15b"><span>Hiding his true feelings, Kang Gam-Chan encouraged Kim Dong-Soo with a proud expression. "Well done, Dong-Soo. Keep up the good work."</span></p><p data-uid="7b3f3c60-afb6-4c94-a058-74a9ff3bbc9f"><span>"Of course. I'll make sure to turn things around in the second half...</span></p>