---
title: "Chapter 669: Counterattack (3)"
weight: 669
---
<p data-uid="7992bc0a-1cff-4230-a748-83e5d6d22c13"><span>It was past 10 at night.</span></p><p data-uid="dda625be-d874-441d-8a83-01ac21d98ff8"><span>In front of the main gate of AMOSE, a major entertainment company in Shibuya, six men in suits got out of three black sedans and blocked my way. It was obvious they were sent by CEO Tanaka of Aris Production.</span></p><p data-uid="00ecec74-8692-4183-b9fa-053d2f0d81dc"><span>When someone tried to cut ties with them, Aris Production often contacted their parent company, Bunnies Production, to send yakuza like this as a threat.</span></p><p data-uid="3c48637c-f7c1-41ab-b739-2a85c51e68bf"><span>Since I had already anticipated this when I decided to sever ties with Tanaka of Aris, I was planning to follow them and take this opportunity to settle things once and for all. Ultimately, I needed to cut off all ties with Bunnies Production to completely end all contracts.</span></p><p data-uid="3dd0b2d8-c4c0-4462-8dca-2ed0bf900126"><span>However, I couldn't act on mere assumptions. This wasn't Korea but Japan, and even a slight variable could make things difficult to handle. So I needed to know exactly who had sent them. Depending on whether it was Tanaka directly or an executive from Bunnies Production, my response would be different.</span></p><p data-uid="167fbb59-53e3-4290-985f-36d81ad73730"><span>I asked the man in the suit, "Who sent you?"</span></p><p data-uid="02cb010b-afb2-4db3-a2cc-e24bb900edee"><span>"You'll find out when we get there."</span></p><p data-uid="10e824d8-1bf0-48dd-9191-1750798c2449"><span>'<em>Oh? Playing hard to get, are we?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="64178af8-51fe-4f23-8199-447572733100"><span>At that moment, Hiroshi, who had come down to the main gate to see us off, cut them off coldly.</span></p><p data-uid="f5198b1c-c862-4172-8930-8780498e82ba"><span>"Do you yakuza seriously think you can threaten my guest in front of my company? Do you really believe there'll be no consequences for this?"</span></p><p data-uid="99c3d5ff-693e-4f57-808e-d51eced85a7d"><span>Since AMOSE was a major entertainment company listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, it had strong connections with the government, prosecutors, and police. Perhaps because of that, the suited man who had been acting forcefully toward me bowed politely to Hiroshi.</span></p><p data-uid="b0b9f4a7-aaa7-4dd5-945b-7d2bfa970b74"><span>"We have no intention of embarrassing you, Mr. Ito. But we have circumstances...</span></p>