---
title: "Chapter 546: Trap"
weight: 546
---
<p data-uid="6352a22f-49a6-4a98-8d82-07a8492c2ec7"><span>A deep, low voice came through the phone. The caller said it had been a while, but at first, I didn't recognize who he was.</span></p><p data-uid="7edfed37-e190-4670-8295-d0394dd160c1"><span>"Who is this?"</span></p><p data-uid="a79b2bc0-9cdd-4480-aaf1-93d91061868f"><span>-That's disappointing. You even came all the way to Myeong-dong looking for me. But hey~ you can't just spread the material I made like that. Do you even know how much that's worth?</span></p><p data-uid="ef36cc64-cd53-4fb9-baf3-00b9d9d03caa"><span>&nbsp;"Colonel Baek?"</span></p><p data-uid="4f0f6f75-1145-4712-b529-9a5d16569110"><span>-Thank goodness. I was worried you wouldn't recognize me.</span></p><p data-uid="66f9b409-daa8-4cf3-889e-33d30618707f"><span>Colonel Baek was the head of the intelligence team assisting in the creation of Kim Dong-Soo's X-FILE.</span></p><p data-uid="e418dc3c-4e74-420d-8ae2-b024c6f6b87c"><span>Choi Yung-Ho, the bank president and right-hand man of Choi Eun-Tae, was currently tracking him, but still hadn't pinpointed Colonel Baek's location.</span></p><p data-uid="a35eaa73-4a2a-4620-8fad-c847168e8ffa"><span>Because of that reason, I had set a trap to find Colonel Baek. Unexpectedly, Colonel Baek called sooner than I thought he would. However, judging by his tone, he still hadn't realized the trap was closing in.</span></p><p data-uid="a7461087-63fd-4bd1-87fe-f74f87305c66"><span>"So you're calling now to ask for money?"</span></p><p data-uid="390abaf5-d9b0-4365-b65b-3adb3b3f9303"><span>-Well, something like that. Let's see~ Since this is technically a resale, I'll give you a discount. Just pay me a hundred million won.</span></p><p data-uid="3efc1afd-8972-4408-bf10-55714b7c2401"><span>Colonel Baek had already sold the information to Kim Dong-Soo, and now he was demanding money from me too. Even while being chased by Choi Yung-Ho, he had the audacity to ask me for money. He was clearly no ordinary person.</span></p><p data-uid="bc89149c-db51-489c-8311-80b7a9da4eee"><span>"But why are you asking me for the money? The article was published by Seven Star Electronics."</span></p><p data-uid="3169c0b8-770c-462d-b41c-9e43108d6fbd"><span>-Come on~ why are you playing this game? I asked Kim Dong-Soo, and he said you're the one who leaked it. And didn't you visit President Sung Yoon-Jae's house last night?...</span></p>