---
title: "Chapter 452: Happy Birthday"
weight: 452
---
<p data-uid="ff56dac1-f334-4e83-ae72-53f8549bdc09"><span>'</span><em><span>The name hasn't been decided yet?</span></em><span>'</span></p><p data-uid="d16384b1-8269-4250-8c1b-d5f0e4844efc"><span>Before the regression, the product name had definitely been decided around this time. I anxiously opened the proposal, but the brand name field didn't have 'THE Best' written on it. Instead, it only said 'Ready to Drink (RTD).'</span></p><p data-uid="0d66fabf-94b3-4573-8e0e-0922c3b7841e"><span>This was a mistake. Perhaps due to the many changes since the regression, the product name hadn't been finalized yet.</span></p><p data-uid="f4c68dcb-3abc-4238-8e80-088e56ff71a2"><span>'</span><em><span>What should I do?</span></em><span>'</span></p><p data-uid="952ac34b-3a93-4013-b119-0779573dd981"><span>At that moment, I recalled something. Earlier, Jin Sung-Joon had questioned how I knew about 'THE Best.' This meant that the product name had already been decided internally.</span></p><p data-uid="2e8dd744-8c55-4911-8e6e-fccf011673ff"><span>'</span><em><span>And another thing.</span></em><span>'</span></p><p data-uid="8f4e3ff3-6ee5-46da-a19d-02a5fe6a11df"><span>I remembered that Jin Sung-Joon had personally chosen the brand name 'THE Best' before the regression.</span></p><p data-uid="ab5bc44d-cd1b-4b27-8114-fc55cc790dc1"><span>In that instant, I decided to take a bold approach. "Actually, I heard rumors that you were preparing for a new coffee business. Since you always aim for the best, I also heard that you were leaning towards 'THE Best' as the brand name among the candidates. The name was so striking that it stuck with me."</span></p><p data-uid="dca7c7d8-865b-40cf-a2ed-f78d929fedfc"><span>Jin Sung-Joon hesitated for a moment before he slowly nodded. "Ah, I see."</span></p><p data-uid="c082ab4a-6efb-486f-99c7-9666237797a5"><span>He seemed pleased to hear that the name he chose was impressive. Fortunately, it seemed to go over well.</span></p><p data-uid="48252d67-73b7-4a31-ade2-44db7ee48250"><span>However, Jin Sung-Joon wore a disappointed expression and proposed another advertisement. "In that case, how about advertisements for ramen or snacks? It's time to change our advertising model, so let's work on that together."</span></p><p data-uid="e2afbf79-1af7-4d2d-a879-cbe27bad884f"><span>"As long as it doesn't affect Tae-Poong's...</span></p>