---
title: "Chapter 649: Comeback (4)"
weight: 649
---
<p data-uid="4475996f-9e3a-4ee3-b690-328949d26618"><span>"Method? Do you know anything about Mrs. Ha Jo-Eun?" Cha Tae-Hee looked at me with hopeful eyes.</span></p><p data-uid="0c9cb88b-04a2-4f98-86b6-271b48e8cb91"><span>I nodded. "Yes. I know that Mrs. Ha is often treated to expensive wine at a wine bar she frequents."</span></p><p data-uid="7bbb2308-cae7-4fd0-93b9-e945c642f0a4"><span>Ha Jo-Eun, who liked wine, was known for ordering just one glass of the cheapest wine in the ten thousand won range at Wine Bar W and only cheese as a side. However, the wine she actually drank was top-tier wine prepaid by the person treating her, who had already visited Wine Bar W.</span></p><p data-uid="60f4b1bf-c201-41a3-b8b7-d38dbbe53769"><span>Since it was hard for non-sommeliers to tell the difference just by looking at wine in a glass, this was the trick used. And this kind of treatment was possible because the owner of Wine Bar W, where Ha Jo-Eun went, was her cousin Ha Sun-Joo. Of course, Ha Jo-Eun only made such requests to those she considered trustworthy, so very few knew about it.</span></p><p data-uid="82263f45-74fa-4c8e-a60e-23f90690e9ae"><span>It was a win-win and a clever trick not widely known, but unfortunately for Ha Jo-Eun, I knew about it. Because I, too, had treated her that way in my previous life.</span></p><p data-uid="596909c2-9881-4634-bb00-d52a056214b5"><span>And the schedule entry was still in my planner.</span></p><p data-uid="28767132-7327-4f41-a0a5-50e8f11e040d"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="05bd67b2-cc68-449f-9536-e04c689d4621"><span>[Date: July 11, 2023]</span></p><p data-uid="f2a03ec0-32fe-4927-aca4-bd4a7b0ad494"><span>-10:00 p.m.: Meeting with KBC's CP Ha Jo-Eun at Wine Bar W in Cheongdam-dong. (Note: Château Mouton Rothschild, vintage 2000. Order in advance.)</span></p><p data-uid="bfba1766-4cbd-40cb-9a16-f74a6e9783a2"><span>I glanced sideways at Everyday and, as expected, the schedule remained.</span></p><p data-uid="ddcfe2f8-bab2-4132-8303-b80c8c6e22e9"><span>At that moment, Ahn Dong-Gyu tilted his head in confusion. "Huh? CP Ha getting treated? We don't get along, but she's known for being clean in her private life."</span></p><p data-uid="0fde01e0-85c4-4c45-9333-5065ae35e00f"><span>"Then do you know that she enjoys wine?"</span></p><p data-uid="49aa9e3d-8692-4456-91da-46b1a2e8ed6d"><span>"That, I know. She even drinks wine at barbecue places while everyone else drinks soju. But still, she only drinks by the glass, not costing over ten thousand won. I heard she can't even drink muc...</span></p>