---
title: "Chapter 179: Beyond The Boundary Shooting Set (1)"
weight: 179
---
<p data-uid="e19bb6a7-2ac7-40b0-b93f-8dbdbd2b9393">"What is going on? Why is Tae-Poong carrying Mr. Baek Yoon-Sung on his back?"</p><p data-uid="92301deb-7185-4245-85dc-3e7ff0f64521"><em>Beyond the Boundary </em>was an action movie depicting South Korean special agents helping the family of a North Korean nuclear physicist escape to Seoul.</p><p data-uid="d099c858-148c-47e1-93da-fc6efde944c4">In the movie, Lee Tae-Poong disguised himself as North Korean Army Lieutenant Choi In-Sol and orchestrated an escape from Pyongyang to Seoul. Currently, they were on a mountain filming the final chase scene before entering South Korea.</p><p data-uid="40db700b-29c3-4481-aea7-0e9eb8bc054d">But on Lee Tae-Poong's back was Actor Baek Yoon-Sung, who was playing the role of the genius North Korean scientist Dan Myung-Han.</p><p data-uid="9b5b65de-1836-4b4e-bbf7-da237aa28800">It must already be tough and dangerous to walk up the rugged mountain path alone, but Lee Tae-Poong was carrying someone on his back as he climbed up the mountain.</p><p data-uid="be665039-0cbe-40b1-9835-198cd5072224">Surprised by the unscripted scene unfolding before me, I asked Pyo Eun-Mi what was going on.</p><p data-uid="1e148aee-7430-45e9-b9a4-95b7c439fe0e">"Oh, Mr. Baek Yoon-Sung sprained his ankle slightly during the morning shoot. So the script was quickly revised"</p><p data-uid="76191c56-110b-4fec-9188-0982199ec75f">"Did…did Mr. Choi instruct Tae-Poong to do this?" I asked.</p><p data-uid="f8fb8330-21a9-4d02-8902-70a18e996b32">"Not at all. Mr. Lee Tae-Poong volunteered because he didn’t want the shoot to get disrupted."</p><p data-uid="854d2934-ab54-4839-930b-b7136dc56a1e">Pyo Eun-Mi continued to praise Lee Tae-Poong without pause. However, the trail was steep and filled with overgrown bushes. Lee Tae-Poong could slip and get hurt carrying someone on his back.</p><p data-uid="4317cc28-c814-4199-82c5-c9a9a69aec4e">I felt compelled to give a long lecture to Lee Tae-Poong later.</p><p data-uid="fdd4f0a4-3fef-42f7-b77a-42dd2aba3ae0">Then, Pyo Eun-Mi spoke. "By the way, Mr. Jung. Has Mr. Tae-Poong...</p>