---
title: "Chapter 174: Stylist (2)"
weight: 174
---
<p data-uid="884af435-0262-49a0-9ee6-ba1866f27750">"<em>Huff, huff</em>." Chae Eun-Byul panted.</p><p data-uid="9eb7880f-3bab-4679-8881-12e07b9893a2">Chae Eun-Byul, who had been suffering from respiratory distress, felt better after receiving emergency treatment from the doctor.</p><p data-uid="d740588c-3c81-415a-b8ba-2e6f82aad673">As her breathing became even, color returned to her previous pale face.</p><p data-uid="8d2bab00-a7e2-4303-9623-581470a0ce5d">Having finished the treatment, the doctor approached me.</p><p data-uid="43b71ce9-ddeb-4ae5-b821-3c510e1f2ddc">"I don't know who you are, but thank you. My job is to save lives and I didn't want to do this either."</p><p data-uid="78655a5d-6143-4685-9b3f-d9b9bcfe1271">"..."</p><p data-uid="e3234878-b6b6-4ab8-88c6-52c122c42171">I knew that everyone had their own circumstances. It wasn't too hard to guess that the doctor in front of me made that choice because the executives told him to. He had clenched his fists and closed his eyes tightly a moment ago, obviously in distress.</p><p data-uid="1d6d8835-4656-4cd0-8f72-ebb914fcbadb">But I couldn't understand why he wouldn't lift a finger when a child seemed to be gasping for breath.</p><p data-uid="222093c7-fc01-4227-b098-0b049bbb8d9b">I heard that doctors took the Hippocratic Oath. However, it seemed that the vow to save lives at all costs did not apply to this hospital or this doctor.</p><p data-uid="40a02845-632a-4612-9a2c-663d3d7f80e2">For that reason, I didn't say anything and just ignored the doctor as he left.</p><p data-uid="8b67681a-938b-4be5-983c-dd9f5f00317c">'<em>I need to transfer her to a different hospital.</em>' I thought to myself.</p><p data-uid="d7f28bf1-1230-43de-b487-47018c2c3c0b">Having witnessed the hospital's refusal to give treatment with my own eyes, I didn't want to leave Chae Eun-Byul here.</p><p data-uid="ebfa9c22-e2e0-4953-af41-79b337fd87af">At that moment, a sense of clarity came over me as silence enveloped the surroundings.</p><p data-uid="788190fa-3a18-4a75-8901-8e2636f464cb">Turning my head, I saw that all the patients and their guardians in the six-person bedroom were staring...</p>