---
title: "Chapter 777: Finding The Director (4)"
weight: 777
---
<p data-uid="b0e9af24-e267-40c2-a55b-4164711fd189"><span>President Bok Han-Joong of Suhyaejong suppressed his fury as he began with Han Beom-Soo's disciplinary action.</span></p><p data-uid="d977f75f-ed5b-4024-ac0b-b1c966b0f05e"><span>"Professor Han. You've disgraced the school as a faculty member. You'll step down as department head immediately. Professor Choi Ill-Joong will be appointed as your replacement this week."</span></p><p data-uid="ac7e0744-41d4-4987-be88-cdc170025564"><span>"M-Mr. Bok!"</span></p><p data-uid="2f534d38-a055-47b0-a11b-921c14a118eb"><span>"I'm not finished. Let me speak." Bok Han-Joong cut him off, then continued calmly. "Hand over your classes to Professor Choi starting tomorrow and go on sabbatical. For the second semester, you'll take a research year at the University of Buenos Aires. I hear the weather's great and the steak is cheap."</span></p><p data-uid="0da39a3e-5a58-49fc-8321-5a66df9b36b4"><span>"Buenos Aires? That's the capital of Argentina on the other side of the world!"</span></p><p data-uid="938134a3-865d-4912-80a7-f12f7e817354"><span>"And? You don't want to go? Then resign."</span></p><p data-uid="7a6f2c46-3b0d-4ffa-b24b-ceb1fd46a8d6"><span>Only a university president could talk about exiling someone halfway across the globe with such dry wit. Han Beom-Soo swayed on his feet in shock, but Bok Han-Joong didn't even blink.</span></p><p data-uid="564df8bb-81f4-4733-9acd-30a47f36dfda"><span>Bok Han-Joong turned to Ye Ji-Hyun next. "Chef Ye. From this moment, no faculty or graduate students from Suhyaejong will dine at this restaurant. All bookings through the end of the year will be canceled."</span></p><p data-uid="3acaf193-61c1-4ab9-bcba-70008aa0fba9"><span>Ye Ji-Hyun protested, "Mr. Bok, you can't be serious!"</span></p><p data-uid="f83abd83-9424-48c4-a062-32d4e945521a"><span>Without replying, Bok Han-Joong looked to his secretary. "Secretary Kim. Are there any legal issues with canceling our bookings?"</span></p><p data-uid="c24f2909-263e-4812-8d74-0c377b106ae1"><span>The secretary shook his head. "There are none, sir. The next faculty dinner was scheduled for next week, but I'll cancel it right away."</span></p><p data-uid="28608cbe-8271-4d35-bad7-4001a2258b08"><span>Ye Ji-Hyun's face turned ghostly pale. "M-Mr. Bok! You can't just cut us off like this! If the professors stop coming, we'll go under!"</span></p><p data-uid="fe23d90e-2f31-4d2e-98ef-7c0bc67abb9a"><span>"Then maybe you shouldn't have acted like a tyrant." Bok Han-Joong clicked his tongue and gave more instructions to his secretary. "Send a mass message to the faculty. Make it clear that if anyone tries to sneak in here with guests and I...</span></p>