---
title: "Chapter 584: Into The Rain (2)"
weight: 584
---
<p data-uid="5adf840c-560e-4a1e-ad58-f7bfa7c38dce"><span>I stood in the hallway in front of the MBS PD office.</span></p><p data-uid="f36278cf-70cd-4995-88a7-b2d643f482c6"><span>After blocking Lee Joon-Soo and his boy group Extension from appearing in the show, the future where Lee Joon-Soo got into an accident disappeared.</span></p><p data-uid="d845ed3f-64ed-4ade-b130-d1ea2f19030f"><span>However, one schedule entry still remained unchanged.</span></p><p data-uid="226c9eee-3770-4ed5-a2d4-8efd31c2a42f"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="9524f762-3185-46d2-b8b4-cbc8afc7cec9"><span>[Date: January 21, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="da47159b-6fb4-49dd-bc1f-0dc362d729a8"><span>-3:00 p.m.: A 25-vehicle pile-up occurred near Yangjae IC on the Gyeongbu Expressway. (Note: Once-in-a-century winter rain.)</span></p><p data-uid="65e11af6-6dde-4b5a-9069-021521474e24"><span>Before the regression, the media reported that the accident was likely caused by the driver dozing off at the time.</span></p><p data-uid="fd703294-ee21-479a-b1f4-547e47f50e27"><span>However, since the driver died instantly at the scene and the rainstorm that day was so severe, the police couldn't determine whether the direct cause was drowsy driving or skidding due to the rain. Even the bus's internal security camera had shut down, so the cause of the accident remained a matter of speculation.</span></p><p data-uid="da3f8fd9-e618-471e-9896-1209cdf6339d"><span>After collecting my thoughts for a moment, I decided to pursue the most likely cause first. So I called Osan Best Transportation, the company that operates bus number 9999, once again. As expected, they said they couldn't reveal the driver's identity due to security policies.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="240f1ecd-c664-4bb6-a183-cac886e8dac7"><span>After hanging up, I considered reporting it to the police next. However, I couldn't report something that hadn't happened yet.</span></p><p data-uid="356bf7b8-0908-41fc-817b-afb6b592371d"><span>Then I thought about following the vehicle by car and warning them myself, but I quickly realized that was impossible as well. If I approached a massive bus in the pouring rain, I could end up in an even bigger accident.</span></p><p data-uid="e51ce6b0-1e3e-4007-97c0-61e5c65b78b4"><span>In...</span></p>