---
title: "Chapter 187: Update (2)"
weight: 187
---
<p data-uid="3c9404d1-bd52-4474-9cc4-30b961c0a401">When I stepped off the plane and arrived at Panglao International Airport in the Philippines, I felt the humid air saturated with moisture. It was so distinct I could immediately tell there was a beach nearby.</p><p data-uid="8c663ad5-c97d-4506-aabb-833ef4af212d">As I led the group out of the departure hall, there was Kim Chang-Jin, the chief of the publicity team from Cocari Sweat, waiting for us. He held a large sign that read 'Welcome Miss Jung Yoo-Jin' above his head.</p><p data-uid="06fec273-5749-4367-889b-884f7e7ef236">"Right over here!" Kim Chang-Jin called out.</p><p data-uid="e0b61294-67c5-4a5c-81d7-2f514251a97f">Having arrived three days earlier, Kim Chang-Jin was thoroughly tanned.</p><p data-uid="6773054e-ae69-4b86-98ac-b741d2fef3f4">"Hello, Mr. Kim!" Yoo-Jin greeted him.</p><p data-uid="7dc3be89-cc6c-4510-8286-784fbaf201fb">"You must have had a tough time coming all the way here," Kim Chang-Jin replied.</p><p data-uid="ab974875-2ba2-4303-9ee4-c6c8a4e22dcd">Yoo-Jin shook her head. "Not at all. The business class you arranged was incredibly comfortable."</p><p data-uid="5922da2a-b22f-4bc2-a64e-1b6ced8f973b">"I'm glad to hear that," Kim Chang-Jin said with a smile.</p><p data-uid="d251782c-4267-4856-ac57-a70022efba71">After exchanging greetings with Yoo-Jin, Kim Chang-Jin knelt to meet eyes with Miso.</p><p data-uid="7adcc264-9bda-4a59-952a-3ae711e11e68">"So you must be Miso."</p><p data-uid="1f3aef8a-74f0-473f-9b76-f26223410653">"Yes!" Miso exclaimed.</p><p data-uid="3faf1583-6d95-43d2-92c7-c539cbbf0280">"You look pretty and smart. It would be perfect for you to star in our commercials if you become a celebrity when you grow up," Kim Chang-Jin remarked.</p><p data-uid="c6fc0671-566e-49cc-8122-2c3050fca0a4">However, Miso's cheeks puffed up in displeasure.</p><p data-uid="c6f0a8b3-183f-41c1-b050-0f573c40283e">"Miso, what's wrong?" Kim Chang-Jin asked.</p><p data-uid="62cefce5-b2b7-4f80-972e-c7b53b121c9e">"I am already a celebrity..." Miso muttered.</p><p data-uid="a8759716-3a4f-44c7-8ba7-20ec254e7964">"Oh, r-really? I made a mistake. Sorry," Kim Chang-Jin apologized.</p><p data-uid="3b3c3d17-2c2b-4dae-9656-02758a57d874">When the perplexed Kim Chang-Jin hastily apologized, Miso quickly forgave...</p>