---
title: "Chapter 162: Park Eun-Sung (2)"
weight: 162
---
<p data-uid="8e1438f4-cd17-47d2-9c23-f0cc996a006b"><span>The next morning after sleeping at the hotel, Park Eun-Sung followed me to my place because he felt uneasy about going back alone and eventually gave in.</span></p><p data-uid="ec869885-3c7b-41b2-9a24-232a0b393749"><span>"I have to head over to the site now. I hope your agency's re-signing issue gets resolved well. See you next time," I said while getting ready to leave the apartment.</span></p><p data-uid="57112ddc-1bc1-4c76-a718-ae247baa75be"><span>The moment I showed him out, Park Eun-Sung grabbed my arm. "Wait, just a moment. Just a moment! Don't do this and let's talk!"</span></p><p data-uid="4353501e-4286-42ba-81ab-85a9d475d758"><span>He was finally starting to come around as he had a schedule to attend today and there was no one to rely on.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="02038d52-7f19-4391-9201-03bbe491581f"><span>Among those who became celebrities at a young age, there were those so socially awkward they couldn't even take the subway alone or buy something in a store. And Park Eun-Sung was exactly that type.</span></p><p data-uid="8b711cb5-24d6-4174-b710-611bae914fef"><span>Having been cared for by his mother when he was young and by his talent agent when he was older, it was only natural that he felt utterly lost when left to his own devices.</span></p><p data-uid="c3a68e72-326f-4d11-940f-32173d679a0a"><span>But here, I had to push him away one more time.</span></p><p data-uid="79b51e91-f0ee-48e8-88fb-79670e281f20"><span>I replied politely, "The people chasing after you yesterday looked like gangsters to me. I'd rather not get further involved in such matters, Mr. Park Eun-Sung."</span></p><p data-uid="4b62a1ac-7be5-4db5-97e5-70e105c140dc"><span>Park Eun-Sung exclaimed, "Assistant Manager Jung! I want to sign a contract with you. Whatever the conditions are, I'll agree to them. I'm not the type to ask for such favors, but please. Consider it saving a life and help me out!"</span></p><p data-uid="c92e3058-073c-41fe-b9c3-ef91085dd7a7"><span>The pride of a top star was completely broken. Now was the time to accept his plea. If I were to...</span></p>