---
title: "Chapter 262: A Harbinger Of A Storm (4)"
weight: 262
---
<p data-uid="22e8ac73-743d-4f50-8081-bee1820240bd"><span>The nature of an editor's job entailed close contact with the rich and powerful. Hence, second-generation politicians and third-generation chaebols would occasionally be found to be involved in cases of celebrity drug offenders.</span></p><p data-uid="52c75337-4072-4144-b2cd-e92fe66593a5"><span>To publish these articles, editors often negotiate with the parents of the individuals involved, as chaebols exert financial pressure and politicians wield power over the situation.</span></p><p data-uid="a7a9dded-bfa1-4c64-8796-7f1bd005f66c"><span>The current editor-in-chief of Central Daily Newspaper, Lee Sang-Mook, was a seasoned political figure. He wasn't the type to publish an article without ensuring his own safety.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="f17d3bea-36a9-468f-9645-94a23ac25a8a"><span>Feeling frustrated, Choi So-Hye undid the top button of her blouse. "Ugh. That cowardly bastard. He has no guts even though he's the editor-in-chief! I swear, I should just quit this company or something..."&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="65e60c54-c128-4f1e-b144-970b7150ab2f"><span>The fuming Choi So-Hye grumbled about the upper echelons of the media company.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="35184d79-6443-4518-9fe1-d4e229292b50"><span>"That's it. Team Lead Jung. Let's order some drinks first!" She exclaimed angrily.</span></p><p data-uid="a4878eb5-dd8c-4922-a884-00130bc8e503"><span>I pressed the bell to order two servings of a traditional Korean meal and a bottle of traditional liquor. Pouring her a drink, I began asking her for specific details.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="9ccaae24-d453-4077-b40d-47ca4282378f"><span>"To what extent have you covered the story?"&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="474d8dfa-9cf1-474c-8c15-34c08ff5c1a3"><span>Choi So-Hye gulped down her drink in one go. "</span><em><span>Ugh</span></em><span>~ Why is the liquor so bitter today? Actually, I've even secured some photos."&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="d4b9736c-0d35-4717-846e-eb16ddbc05f5"><span>"You took photos? Then it's all over for them," I remarked.</span></p><p data-uid="5dd99b49-017a-4192-b9ec-288f38f591ab"><span>"Yes, but only if we could report it."&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="ae98a0fa-c051-42d6-a058-3a1b25bc31ab"><span>Unlike vague news articles, having photos would give it a tremendous impact.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="53b23d32-247f-4eaf-8c05-e7fa97311792"><span>"But how did...</span></p>