---
title: "Chapter 443: Hwangryong Film Association Preparation (2)"
weight: 443
---
<p data-uid="da4a277d-24d9-48b7-b1aa-847e4c261d20"><span>After the meeting, Bang Sang-Yung and Ju Ho-Sung entered Bang Sang-Yung's room with grim expressions and sat on the sofa.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="ac1f2591-24c5-4abd-b7dc-ce12a4d6973c"><span>It was because things did not proceed as Bang Sang-Yung had planned.</span></p><p data-uid="10f47094-b125-4629-853f-3189dcd01f66"><span>At that moment, Ju Ho-Sung asked with a hardened expression, "What are you going to do now? Mr. Choi Man-Sik was adamant about this and he won't sit still after such a failure!"</span></p><p data-uid="6c3c926c-5c6a-44e5-8ff1-a79b33483906"><span>"Just be quiet! Let me think!"</span></p><p data-uid="4313de1f-77fe-4ca0-9ae9-fea7d23de33e"><span>The plan was simple as they only needed to arrange a meeting between Jung Yoon-Ho and Han Jung-Joo. After that, a reporter would take a photograph, and the influential individuals from Choi Man-Sik and Suhyaejong line were supposed to handle the rest.</span></p><p data-uid="786b36b8-cbbc-4394-8b4a-67c28503054c"><span>Unfortunately for them, what seemed like a simple task failed because of Jung Yoon-Ho's unpredictability. On top of that, he knew far too much about Han Jung-Joo's private relationships.</span></p><p data-uid="15f3fcb4-ed28-4bbd-a704-db6c079d97b9"><span>The more Bang Sang-Yung saw Jung Yoon-Ho, the more he realized he was no ordinary person.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="29319825-6eb3-4577-8711-175fa192381d"><span>'<em>Damn it. Why isn't he behaving like his usual self?</em>' the frustrated Bang Sang-Yung wondered</span></p><p data-uid="7da4aec2-7c87-47ef-aa52-9de23c45b5d2"><span>Bang Sang-Yung thought he could definitely bait Jung Yoon-Ho as the latter was always proactive, but it ended up in complete failure.</span></p><p data-uid="87f1b10b-6e53-4178-ad1a-0d81008e5c1f"><span>Bang Sang-Yung slammed the sofa's armrest in anger.</span></p><p data-uid="0662a4c0-fc8b-4600-9b23-7f4ba7df054a"><span><em>Bang!</em></span></p><p data-uid="bfe9da23-9682-42bc-8dc0-75ddf640ae5c"><span>Bang Sang-Yung cursed. "What the hell! He always meddles when told not to, but why is he acting like this today?"</span></p><p data-uid="bd5dd56a-ff76-4fb0-8760-a7688a954b8f"><span>Ju Ho-Sung sighed and asked, "Wouldn't it be better to contact Mr. Choi Man-Sik first for now?"</span></p><p data-uid="60b29f15-f54d-4910-a577-906f41aeff83"><span>Bang Sang-Yung clutched his head in frustration for a while before finally speaking,...</span></p>