---
title: "Chapter 397: Han Hyun-Ho (4)"
weight: 397
---
<p data-uid="4967a7b7-9b0c-4769-87dc-a14b8a286caf"><span>As soon as I sat in Yoon Myung-Hee's ten-pyeong officetel, I quickly shared my proposal. "It is the role of the bodyguard for Princess Yu-Hwa, and you will be appearing until episode 15. There are many scenes with the lead, so the role is quite significant. The appearance fee is 1 million won per episode."</span></p><p data-uid="1ace64ca-d7fb-4962-af70-5ce727d58252"><span>Usually, minor roles were paid between 300 thousand won and 500 thousand won. Having an appearance fee of 1 million won meant it was a semi-lead role.</span></p><p data-uid="6d8729f6-c950-466e-b776-131a51039a47"><span>Yoon Myung-Hee's face brightened slightly. "It is not just about the money. I don't mind the role as long as I can appear in the drama."</span></p><p data-uid="4304b172-1136-45f8-b234-db4d1f72c19e"><span>She was an actress with two years of experience. As she had been jumping between minor roles, getting her face known through any role was the priority. Becoming recognizable to the staff, writers, or directors would allow her to aim for the next project.</span></p><p data-uid="ef45a0bb-90e9-496a-9cc6-dccb7fc230aa"><span>Seizing the opportunity, I made another suggestion. Before convincing her, I wanted Yoon Myung-Hee to know she had potential and a future as an actress.</span></p><p data-uid="29a0f014-a042-4208-a254-e2189206e254"><span>I added, "And since I am the casting director for<em> Jiri Mountain</em>, I wanted to ask... Would you be interested in appearing in the film with Mr. Lee Tae-Poong? It is a victim role, but the character is strong and there are quite a few lines."</span></p><p data-uid="dae8d8a3-f92d-430b-8287-1128c0d3a824"><span>Yoon Myung-Hee's eyes widened. "Really? Y-you are recommending me for a role in <em>Jiri Mountain</em> too?"&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="91a24d54-2d88-4053-ae97-6d6745e3d3ba"><span>"Yes. With your visuals, Ms. Myung-Hee, I think you could leave a strong impression. The appearance fee is around 10 million won."</span></p><p data-uid="f987380f-d9d8-4eb9-aa5c-46df0736ee5f"><span>For a moment, the pain on...</span></p>