---
title: "Chapter 510: Downfall (2)"
weight: 510
---
<p data-uid="6dce106f-7751-4793-af92-83627b8636a1"><span>"Ace Entertainment is finished now!"</span></p><p data-uid="b75afe25-e101-403b-9bf5-a081a98fbc0b"><span>I spoke aloud the fact that the company we had clashed with so often had gone under. At that moment, it felt like a weight that had been pressing down for ten years suddenly lifted.</span></p><p data-uid="eefd56c7-01f7-4222-9a8d-7fb4cb8a9afe"><span>I continued, "I understand that you have a particular fondness for the company since you used to work there, Mr. Baek. But I think it's time to face reality."</span></p><p data-uid="55a85e2e-62f0-4bc1-89df-fb0aa33047cd"><span>Baek Sae-Gi's face twisted as he protested. "No matter what you say, Team Lead Jung, my opinion won't change. Do you think a giant entertainment company with over a trillion won in sales would collapse without people supporting it?"</span></p><p data-uid="e2e5ad3a-56ab-4d2c-9b12-5ca0b5e04500"><span>Seeing him shout in denial made me think it was worth continuing this conversation a bit longer. The more he protested, the more suspicious he would seem to the other team leads.</span></p><p data-uid="1306de7e-2cf5-4ce9-874a-1cf517d03bba"><span>"Well, until now, other directors and vice presidents have been arrested. But it's the first time President Im has been taken in, isn't it? That means his backers aren't protecting him anymore."</span></p><p data-uid="5d8e1106-8ec4-4e73-b4ec-5a7b60bfdde7"><span>"Th-that may be true... but it's still too early to jump to conclusions. Last time, too..."</span></p><p data-uid="b560294f-691c-4970-8b3d-29753f358f53"><span>As the conversation went on, Baek Sae-Gi started falling into the trap I had set. He was defending Ace Entertainment as if he were still one of their employees, just as I had planned.</span></p><p data-uid="c86e9b9a-27e6-43a0-b5e4-b17c972886ac"><span>The other team leads began to exchange curious glances. In situations like this, employees from entertainment companies usually focused on scouting actors or talent agents from the fallen company. However, Baek Sae-Gi's behavior was enough to raise suspicion that his connection to Ace Entertainment was more than just a past job.</span></p><p data-uid="91197fe6-531c-44b7-9d01-24aa560c99ec"><span>"What's with that guy?"</span></p><p data-uid="b4276c49-ae4b-45b7-b208-0fbfcc006357"><span>"Even if it's his former company, why is he defending them so...</span></p>