---
title: "Chapter 372: Kang Si-Ah (2)"
weight: 372
---
<p data-uid="cbcb6f3c-912b-4ce8-b51c-a74e53005201"><span>Upon hearing my question about whether Choi Yi-Sun had ever asked for money, Jo Eun-Hye glanced nervously at her daughter. "Well... it's just that..."</span></p><p data-uid="6b524ed5-82b3-4438-815c-896eb7aa4b90"><span>"Ma'am, I need you to be completely honest with me. That's the only way we can fix this."</span></p><p data-uid="67d20366-2992-4fed-8430-01997a8cbc1f"><span>Jo Eun-Hye nodded and reluctantly explained the truth. "She asked for money every month, saying it was for activity expenses... But she told me to keep it from Si-Ah, so I transferred the money directly into her account every month."</span></p><p data-uid="2f6cbdf9-4c04-433e-b679-579de1eacafd"><span>Rage boiled up inside me once again.</span></p><p data-uid="51dfbf1f-51de-4944-b0ba-335a1b73026e"><span>Choi Yi-Sun had treated Kang Si-Ah disrespectfully, justifying it by claiming she hadn’t charged Kang Si-Ah for tuition. In reality, she had been secretly siphoning money from Si-Ah's mother’s hard-earned wages. Most of the money Jo Eun-Hye made from working 14 hours a day frying Korean pancakes had been going directly into Choi Yi-Sun's pocket.</span></p><p data-uid="6c7ee8e0-cf24-400a-9c49-62f4f22c3030"><span>There was no way I could let trash like Choi Yi-Sun go without severe consequences.</span></p><p data-uid="edd66310-a50b-4a06-b94e-d9db372b3890" style="text-align: center"><span>***</span></p><p data-uid="599cef6f-f8cd-4b1f-97e9-db5c679838e9"><span>As soon as I learned that Choi Yi-Sun had been extorting money from Kang Si-Ah's mother, I called Kang Gam-Chan from the apartment in Amsa-Dong.</span></p><p data-uid="1dbbe404-3d68-496e-b38f-c1ca6a48fb8c"><span>After hearing the full story, Kang Gam-Chan's voice turned cold and serious.</span></p><p data-uid="81009d31-1c14-4855-b6ad-8e945a7e2449"><span>-Let's complete the remaining payment and officially register Si-Ah as part of Hoop Entertainment by the end of today. I'll notify the legal division but you can handle the follow-up. Do whatever's necessary and give me a report afterward. Do you understand what I mean?</span></p><p data-uid="a1c80d5e-fb10-4530-b97c-997e99915529"><span>Kang Gam-Chan's decisive approach made it clear that he was ready to act boldly to protect Kang...</span></p>