---
title: "Chapter 204: In The Name Of God Crank In (3)"
weight: 204
---
<p data-uid="8afaf4bd-6e79-49fb-a44c-e85dfcf0a180">Jin Yoo-Jung bent at the waist as soon as Kim Sung-Woon called out.</p><p data-uid="d88a470b-dbe1-4f84-9170-1866f1594355">Her lively eyes quickly turned into the mad gaze of Manshin Wol-Ah. At the same time, her previously vigorous body began to stagger and she leaned on the cane as if she would be swept away by the wind.</p><p data-uid="37044413-66ea-4aa5-af3c-d4e8f43906b0">Having transformed into Manshin Wol-Ah, Jin Yoo-Jung muttered to herself and stopped in front of a pile of stones stacked beside a cedar tree.</p><p data-uid="639b6b78-9f49-49fb-8c2e-8daab1736767">She then put down the cane she was holding in her right hand, threw off her rubber shoes, and started to bow barefoot.</p><p data-uid="c957ec23-8f45-4c24-90b5-d7d10372ca67">A hushed silence enveloped the entire set as the scene vividly resembled a sacred ritual.</p><p data-uid="8d785522-f1e6-4ba8-80d4-ef63800cedc7">After a moment, Manshin Wol-Ah began to sway and climb up the pile of stones.</p><p data-uid="d9df1fba-3812-4f47-90e4-d7ca1d69f321">I involuntarily swallowed hard without realizing it due to her precarious movements.</p><p data-uid="ca66671e-a4bb-45e7-940e-70790ef7496e">It took about 20 seconds for Manshin Wol-Ah to slowly reach the front of the cedar tree at a pace several times slower than that of an ordinary person.</p><p data-uid="6ae676f4-a1c3-4c73-b226-a8ae197f6cc9">Standing in front of the cedar tree, Manshin Wol-Ah started to insert the hanji paper into a twisted rope.</p><p data-uid="802a04e8-8aed-4d98-8fb6-3a0daf93d650">That was when Kim Sung-Woon sent a signal with his hands wearing a tense expression.</p><p data-uid="348aa249-4f34-4834-8b77-bb1a4632caa9">At the same time, the extras playing the local residents entered the scene.</p><p data-uid="367276ff-e8cb-4a69-ad3a-b78394fc3064">『Ah, there she goes again. We told you to stop doing things like this!』</p><p data-uid="5817c0ae-e40c-4a79-86ef-1dec14378516">『Hey, auntie! What are you doing? We made it very clear that we don't need a shaman in...</p>