---
title: "Chapter 86: Trojan Horse (2)"
weight: 86
---
<p data-uid="1d46721c-b1eb-4a9b-a356-98952fcf15c0">"Lately, do you know who the actors in our Actor Division 3 consult first when discussing their next projects?"</p><p data-uid="5acbebac-ef8e-42f7-b87b-e58cd4c94ae4">Lee Gi-Cheol’s expression gradually hardened as he listened to Kim Dong-Soo’s words.</p><p data-uid="6da7ebe4-1905-44ec-9a14-82f8e0318fc5">"Is it Jung Yoon-Ho?"</p><p data-uid="3e00a7d0-3ccf-4f36-91e6-7b4b8986acfa">"Yes, sir. The actors are so proactive that we can't stop them from approaching him."</p><p data-uid="79028601-c0d8-4ec0-8a3c-bfa191c5dbf5">Kim Dong-Soo and Lee Gi-Cheol had been receiving large sums of money from various production companies in exchange for influencing the actors’ decisions in choosing their next projects because the actors tended to choose projects that were strongly recommended by their own companies.</p><p data-uid="f0fbedc4-049e-4bc5-8e46-ff0ec05869ea">It did not matter whether the project would succeed or fail as they would typically receive the money before the projects were even released.</p><p data-uid="f04c77eb-f1ef-4e42-bf76-6521282057da">For this reason, they had been able to generate substantial funds without any major issues until now. Unfortunately for them, with Jung Yoon-Ho’s involvement now, it became difficult to continue creating these under-the-table deals.</p><p data-uid="7fc92df9-9ce3-4217-bdba-c79f010d1f80">Lee Gi-Cheol asked with a flustered expression, "Don’t tell me…that even the S-grade stars you personally manage are wavering?"</p><p data-uid="a73f9aae-d257-46dc-9582-4d1e695ed169">The rebates from the projects involving the top stars Kim Dong-Soo managed were beyond one’s imagination. Lee Gi-Cheol was asking if Jung Yoon-Ho was interfering even with those actors.</p><p data-uid="f9830185-c9a9-4a6c-8942-e699612a2573">Kim Dong-Soo shook his head. "No, I've taken care of those...</p>