---
title: "Chapter 106: Music Chart War (2)"
weight: 106
---
<p data-uid="47f41158-2bd7-494b-b084-78247845e4e5">At the coffee shop in front of the company, Reporter Jang Moon-Ki rushed over after receiving my call.</p><p data-uid="3fa5e499-712f-42ba-99bf-59d69545ca89">"Woah, Assistant Manager Jung. You're the one initiating our meet-up? This is like winning the lottery. Is it about Miss Yoo-Jin?"</p><p data-uid="5f144a54-051b-418f-bb42-9fd8650dedf8">I was mildly irritated by Jang Moon-Ki's casual and informal tone, but I let it slide since I was the one in need of his help today.</p><p data-uid="2ba54b76-8d5f-4ec6-8d53-de2aecb15461">Jang Moon-Ki opened his tablet with an excited expression.</p><p data-uid="052756cc-bfd1-4e30-898f-b0558691ca07">"I wanted to meet up with you because I have something to report regarding Cherry Blossom's music chart rankings."</p><p data-uid="3fa619bd-f9d2-49e3-8c02-99acb0487693">Jang Moon-Ki clicked his tongue with a disappointed look. "Oh...about Cherry Blossom? I listened to their new song—it seemed to have quite the potential this time. But you know my articles come at a premium price, right?"</p><p data-uid="fabb2731-12d1-4968-9980-f57ed9c16810">Seeing Jang Moon-Ki's disappointed face, I decided to give him a hint.</p><p data-uid="05bf788b-7026-4826-a04a-fe574ddd7b62">"I'm considering reporting about TK Entertainment's potential involvement in music chart manipulation. Is that of no interest to you?"</p><p data-uid="16d6e95a-cd73-40a5-bf06-173663378678">Jang Moon-Ki was visibly shocked. "W-wait. Music chart manipulation? By TK Entertainment?"</p><p data-uid="3dacc49d-8be0-44fa-adc7-be3c079b636e">He straightened up and flashed his eyes, ready to listen.</p><p data-uid="8b0e0586-dad3-4dea-81f5-33be6da52850">In my past life, Jang Moon-Ki had spent years gathering data to expose Teddy Kim's manipulation of music charts. For this reason, I was confident he would already have some information by now.</p><p data-uid="27fef65e-86f4-46f4-aa0c-00461d505df7">"You know Teddy Kim, right? He produced Petite More's latest mini-album."</p><p data-uid="5f486170-7050-4779-bc84-e25a29efcceb">Jang Moon-Ki flinched at the mention of Teddy Kim....</p>