---
title: "Chapter 206: New Ally"
weight: 206
---
<p data-uid="9dec79d9-ef30-461c-a012-123ed5c42fc5">"Chief Kim Dong-Soo. To be frank, treating Yoo-Jin like a common supporting actress is going too far, don't you think?" Bang Sang-Yung continued with his criticisms.</p><p data-uid="5b89340c-4c76-4100-bc4b-8a731245eca1">The flustered Kim Dong-Soo stuttered, "M-Mr. Bang?"</p><p data-uid="1df6fd2f-fb4c-4101-9550-3614fe9c3a39">"You of all people should know that a star's value isn't in acting alone but in popularity. Weren't you the one who treated even extras like royalty if they were popular?"</p><p data-uid="472e902c-d113-48c3-bc2c-f19c2716eff3">Bang Sang-Yung silenced Kim Dong-Soo and continued speaking.</p><p data-uid="82149bf3-c7e1-4c03-a0f4-483e236080e4">"And about Team Lead Jung—everyone in the industry has been talking about him recently, haven't they? Let's push him properly this time and really grow his potential. Let's be honest here. Has our company really given proper support to Team Lead Jung until now?"</p><p data-uid="9d5aa5d1-466f-4a45-812a-caeb9defb92f">Bang Sang-Yung was supporting not only Yoo-Jin but me as well. His support was much stronger than I had expected.</p><p data-uid="978622cc-79d0-45e4-b434-5b78f6fe96dd">Bang Sang-Yung let out a controversial remark. "If I'm being honest, I want to bring Team Lead Jung to Actor Division 1 at any moment. If he is okay with it, that is."</p><p data-uid="95532edf-fc59-45d2-8290-67c2c26d446a">At that moment, everyone in the meeting room began to clear their throat even louder than before.</p><p data-uid="2f0b4acb-ac7a-46cd-8ed3-ae96d242b41f">"<em>Ahem.</em>"</p><p data-uid="d68e427d-24e1-4d39-af59-f2c3a07d3789">"Mr. Bang, that's a bit..."</p><p data-uid="a55980f8-cc25-4b86-8edd-7132793bcc0c">The team leads of Actor Division 1 remained unshaken, but the staff of Actor Divisions 2 and 3 showed varied expressions because Bang Sang-Yung had never talked about scouting anyone before.</p><p data-uid="78e6181b-023b-46f4-bdf6-f4a3d5fdabd1">I almost choked upon hearing his remark.</p><p data-uid="4e539452-44a8-4dac-8e51-066f8c9c54c7">'<em>Bang Sang-Yung...</em></p>