---
title: "Chapter 301: Han Woo-Ju (5)"
weight: 301
---
<p data-uid="9b6ecee9-9fbe-463e-b1f4-152b8365729a"><span>"So, are you saying you want to become a chief?" Kang Gam-Chan asked me, causing everyone in the meeting room to become wary.</span></p><p data-uid="83fe12a8-85ba-4309-9b33-3e896bdc4c88"><span>At Hoop Entertainment, it was typical for someone to be promoted to assistant manager after three years, team lead after six, and chief after nine.</span></p><p data-uid="190acc2d-89a2-4a00-9397-283320dced90"><span>However, I was only in my second year.</span></p><p data-uid="1627f321-a5c0-417a-a23e-2e583779ea7c"><span>I had already received a rapid promotion to team lead, and it had only been a few months since then.</span></p><p data-uid="55a6302e-9fdd-416a-a463-3b3ed7f3598e"><span>Moreover, no one would take over as team lead in the interim if I were promoted to chief.</span></p><p data-uid="b88d37e5-61d6-40f3-aed0-58cb9517aeca"><span>Nonetheless, I was aiming not for the position of chief but the independent operational authority that chiefs have which would allow me to make decisions and report them afterward.</span></p><p data-uid="afbf3b29-76cf-452f-9eb1-9581fb6e4d40"><span>So I immediately shook my head at Kang Gam-Chan's question. "No, I'm not ready for that yet. But I would like to request the independent operational authority given to a division."</span></p><p data-uid="c46270ec-7096-4ddd-81a9-5b1ff0b3f8b6"><span>Kang Gam-Chan fell into deep thoughts for a moment. "Hmm..."</span></p><p data-uid="964dc3a5-8679-48a8-8362-9dcaa783814a"><span>The team leads and chiefs around the table began calculating in their heads. If I were granted independent operational authority, they would have even less visibility into what I was doing.</span></p><p data-uid="27cb9542-57f2-4627-8944-3287dbd9d485"><span>Then Kang Gam-Chan suddenly smiled and spoke. "Making things more complicated isn't a good idea. For someone who says they're not ready, your results have been too impressive. So how about you just take the chief position? If we need a new team lead, we can fill that role when the time comes!"</span></p><p data-uid="eceb3b9f-8bfc-4d58-bb7b-4fe25aa184a6"><span>The team leads and chiefs looked shocked. After...</span></p>