---
title: "Chapter 474: Jinseong Inc (4)"
weight: 474
---
<p data-uid="e0e351e6-6a63-456e-b666-5a0acf818039"><span>Jin Sung-Joon's office was furnished with luxurious pieces emphasizing a modern black-and-white theme. With only the essential furniture present, the space reflected his practical personality.</span></p><p data-uid="ca39f802-0dd9-477c-8caa-23299a379f63"><span>As I took a seat on the sofa Jin Sung-Joon directed me to, I checked my planner regarding Jin Myung-Gyu's upcoming schedule.</span></p><p data-uid="9835c4e0-7f45-482f-a382-f4b97909492c"><span>[Everyday V12]</span></p><p data-uid="8c24fadb-9da2-46f7-bf2a-f7e7586537e1"><span>[Date: December 11, 2020]</span></p><p data-uid="6810bd64-126a-4870-bb51-7896847c45d2"><span>- 10:00 p.m &lt;Weekly Star&gt;: "Eulwang-ri Drunk Driving Accident. Exclusive Scoop: Jinseong Inc's Heir A and Actress B in a Secret Rendezvous!"</span></p><p data-uid="b50952e4-c75c-4b51-8bc0-d4847de3a700"><span>In just a few days, the Eulwang-ri traffic accident will occur. The "A" mentioned in the article referred to Jin Myung-Gyu, and "B" was the rookie actress Ahn Yoo-Hyun. However, the report by Weekly Star would be edited within a day.</span></p><p data-uid="b506529f-1f06-4a45-84f2-9ed11d08e56b"><span>The narrative would change, stating that "A" was Jin Myung-Gyu's secretary and "B" was Ahn Yoo-Hyun's talent agent. Additionally, the drunk driving claim would shift to blaming black ice on the road which caused the car to skid and hit the guardrail.</span></p><p data-uid="6bbb1655-1d27-4e51-bc54-caf4a7c13b63"><span>However, I already knew the truth as Ahn Yoo-Hyun's talent agent had confided in me back then. He revealed that Jinseong's legal team, the police, and Weekly Star's editorial staff had colluded to cover up the incident.</span></p><p data-uid="23747717-4dc9-4987-94b6-b6d4333a7d42"><span>Although there were no casualties, it was still a clear case of wrongdoing and also Jin Myung-Gyu's affair.</span></p><p data-uid="d1036f71-7323-4b33-854d-d62124caf885"><span>Now, I planned to disclose this incident to Jin Sung-Joon.</span></p><p data-uid="afd76169-3f91-4275-ac47-40a2b7e8aaa9"><span>At that moment, Jin Sung-Joon took a seat on the sofa and apologized. "First, I'd like to apologize for our vice chairman's behavior."</span></p><p data-uid="db59e687-2c69-4730-ad71-d9dee284617f"><span>Jin Ah-Ram followed and...</span></p>