---
title: "Chapter 518: Concert (3)"
weight: 518
---
<p data-uid="929e358f-b833-4bee-86e5-2eedd9ae7b04"><span>As Cherry Blossom performed 'My First Love Story' and 'Hurry Up!,' Kang Ha-Na and Kim Jong-Hoon stood beside me, taking deep breaths.</span></p><p data-uid="133bc9f8-ad7b-4aaa-9a1c-8d238fbc309c"><span>Their songs were 'A New Beginning' and 'Soulfire.' Though they had sung them countless times before, they felt a different kind of tension compared to performing on a music show. They kept steadying their breaths, saying it didn't feel the same.</span></p><p data-uid="89dcc307-180c-489d-af9e-87548ade4366"><span>The reason for their nervousness was simple: they were about to debut their new singles.</span></p><p data-uid="8bf2f7cd-eec2-45ea-846d-1c6a83bd7ef5"><span>A moment later, Kang Ha-Na would sing her self-composed song 'Winter Rain,' and Kim Jong-Hoon would perform his song 'Lighthouse.'</span></p><p data-uid="cd56b10c-4372-49ff-9cd5-3c0e05e2c2f4"><span>'Winter Rain' told Kang Ha-Na's personal story about how she had become a completely different person despite experiencing the same winter rain as a year ago. Meanwhile, 'Lighthouse' reflected Kim Jong-Hoon's journey. Once lost in the vast ocean of music, he had now found a guiding light.</span></p><p data-uid="ea3aff53-9ede-4e7b-bd1d-1dd74368d324"><span>Kang Ha-Na had once nearly given up on becoming a singer as an idol trainee, and Kim Jong-Hoon had once nearly given up on life itself despite being a top idol. However, both had gone on to find their paths and were now embracing their growth as artists.</span></p><p data-uid="2562e260-78ec-4514-8a5b-661eba99d245"><span>Watching them, I gave them a little encouragement. "You'll do great, don't worry."</span></p><p data-uid="2742e1d1-48da-473c-9928-18d16e63827a"><span>Kim Jong-Hoon turned to me and looked at me with eyes filled with gratitude. "Yoon-Ho, thanks for letting me perform my new song today."</span></p><p data-uid="e8a1ec32-0b6d-49b6-a989-7e46c01619bc"><span>"There's no need to thank me. Thanks to you, we got to promote Ha-Na faster."</span></p><p data-uid="4bdc6701-984e-466b-889a-897030802fda"><span>Back when Kang Ha-Na debuted, Kim Jong-Hoon had accompanied her on the piano and helped her gain quick...</span></p>