---
title: "Chapter 506: Project G (2)"
weight: 506
---
<p data-uid="760dbdaf-86bc-42b1-9996-74ec20185656"><span>-How about going with thirty billion won? If we're going to do it, we should do it right. Don't you think so?</span></p><p data-uid="3aaf495a-3019-4f14-9414-79731916131f"><span>Since Shanghai New Media Inc would cover the full cost of Ling Ling's girl group album production, I only intended to ask for about three billion won for Project G. My plan was to reach out to connections I had made after my return for the rest. However, Wang Long offered me ten times the amount I had in mind.</span></p><p data-uid="782c852f-0935-42a2-a732-df2dbdebf386"><span>Suddenly, I had secured three times the total production cost as an investment.</span></p><p data-uid="1cd13e6c-f94b-4c42-a683-38923fb78f32"><span>-If you think about it, that's practically the promotional budget needed to make Ling Ling successful. So it's fine. And my discretionary budget alone is fifty billion won annually, so if it's not enough, I can go up to fifty billion. Just give me the Chinese rights in return.</span></p><p data-uid="489aec3a-5a66-4921-8f94-c427c3604106"><span>Wang Long was currently the team lead at Shanghai New Media Inc. He was young, but as the son of Wang Min, the Deputy Secretary of Shenzhen, he was treated almost like a director within the company. Because of that, the size of his discretionary budget was considerable.</span></p><p data-uid="c8390f90-e7f1-4715-84d8-37f155c7e679"><span>Although I was deeply grateful, I politely declined his offer. To make a profit from producing this program, I first had to cap the total production cost. I also limited the investment amount, because the reason for pushing forward with Project G wasn't just to make Ling Ling's girl group a hit. I also wanted to showcase the power of my network through this opportunity.</span></p><p data-uid="c7eaf98d-00ca-43d6-8a7b-8fba4a258e44"><span>"Of course, I'll give you the Chinese rights. And... I appreciate the offer, but please limit your investment to about five billion won. The total production cost...</span></p>