---
title: "Chapter 469: Seo Hee-Joo (1)"
weight: 469
---
<p data-uid="a939b235-ba7f-4d4f-b378-1aad8a0e7e77"><span>Inside the president's office at Ensemble Entertainment, Baek Jae-Ho sat on a luxurious Italian leather sofa. His pomade-styled hair, horn-rimmed glasses, and gray checkered designer suit exuded sophistication as he raised his hand in a confident pose.</span></p><p data-uid="56021ee8-42e0-49f1-bcf5-d09d12b57a91"><span>"Have a seat."</span></p><p data-uid="3dbc430d-f413-46e2-b7ba-ffd4af983ee5"><span>As an actor appearing in dramas, Baek Jae-Ho maintained a youthful style despite being fifty-three years old. However, all his designer clothing and styling were funded by money embezzled from the company's celebrities.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="446c04b7-c61b-4aa3-8378-0b56d8d5b57f"><span>Beside him sat Choi Dae-Jin, a thirty years old team lead and Baek Jae-Ho's second cousin. Choi Dae-Jin also worked as Baek Jae-Ho's talent agent.</span></p><p data-uid="170a1c8c-7a01-4f8c-90db-141695271bb2"><span>"Hello." Choi Dae-Jin greeted with a sly smile</span></p><p data-uid="01401d89-4eb9-413f-9e21-38275fadb5f4"><span>As I was about to respond, my eyes caught the phone in Choi Dae-Jin's hand. The pink case decorated with beads and a ballerina charm clearly belonged to Seo Hee-Joo.</span></p><p data-uid="f6731b72-21e6-47a7-a2fd-f379596f0853"><span>I asked, "Why do you have Hee-Joo's phone?"</span></p><p data-uid="c41a246d-7c86-4a2a-b3c6-a36379a975e2"><span>Choi Dae-Jin smirked. "Doesn't your company manage the trainees' phones too? As her talent agent, I'm holding it."</span></p><p data-uid="8c648a3a-f3fa-4144-84af-7806dab939df"><span>"We also manage phones, but we don't read messages or chats without permission."</span></p><p data-uid="c41ce97e-9db6-4f20-95df-3d367037d129"><span>Choi Dae-Jin replied with a shameless grin. "Oh, come on. We all know everyone checks. Let's not pretend otherwise."</span></p><p data-uid="cf22d6ed-1b97-46c7-9a51-a342004fed33"><span>It was evident Choi Dae-Jin wouldn't listen, so I shifted my focus to Baek Jae-Ho. "I'll be straightforward. I'm here to take Hee-Joo with me."</span></p><p data-uid="bc9d5bd7-87d7-466a-aaf6-e72316365f6a"><span>Baek Jae-Ho crossed...</span></p>