---
title: "Chapter 271: Team Lead Wang Long (2)"
weight: 271
---
<p data-uid="adb2f475-b820-496e-bdc0-b4c55362da94"><span>The moment Wang Long asked for Ju Yung-In's autograph for his fiancée, I looked at his left ring finger and spoke.</span></p><p data-uid="fd9d3ac3-420a-4b82-a6fa-974d77becdba"><span>"Seeing the engraving W &amp; L on the ring on your left ring finger, I'm assuming your fiancée's name is Lian? Or perhaps Lily?"</span></p><p data-uid="3d4800dd-80e0-43b7-ab0a-5414c60ec4de"><span>Wang Long stared at me in shock. "Y-yes, it's Lily! How on earth did you know?"</span></p><p data-uid="8b18f5dd-05c7-4b32-af56-27f0f0ce3048"><span>"I simply guessed. </span><em><span>Ha ha</span></em><span>."</span></p><p data-uid="eff4f3f1-31db-4d41-9f9c-f157f198163a"><span>I laughed awkwardly and made an excuse. The reason I knew her name was because of a tragic event that would happen in a few days.</span></p><p data-uid="4f30a51c-d48c-42ce-b814-9bd12b916ed6"><span>Wang Long's girlfriend, Lily, was currently a popular model and actress in China. Unfortunately, about a week from now on August 28th, she would die at a fashion show in Sichuan Province due to a sudden 4.0 magnitude earthquake.</span></p><p data-uid="9c8b7c00-b709-4215-8b91-5c62f1f05fdc"><span>There was only one casualty in Sichuan as it wasn't a major earthquake. Nonetheless, Lily died because a wall at the event venue would collapse on her.</span></p><p data-uid="2bc1bd2e-e3d2-45a7-9e5b-b86862bc98b9"><span>The reason for the building's collapse was because it was shoddily constructed with bamboo instead of rebar, and Wang Long's father, Deputy Secretary Wang Min, would exact harsh revenge on the construction company responsible for the event venue.</span></p><p data-uid="1c6a1392-9fe5-440a-8fa5-93cb25594269"><span>In my past life, they held a funeral for Lily to console her spirit subsequently on September 5th.</span></p><p data-uid="16d9cbbe-2f42-474d-a5ab-309052045a10"><span>Back then, I had flown to China to express my condolences to Wang Long and attended the funeral, so I remembered...</span></p>