---
title: "Chapter 670: Counterattack (4)"
weight: 670
---
<p data-uid="d7524a7f-ab43-4b44-ac31-4cce64c8391d"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="1d29b115-a917-4341-9ede-81c96f6a0414"><span>[Date: March 1, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="e4bb9f40-aff1-43ad-a35c-61cd5d5c915f"><span>-10:00 p.m.: Preparing for a Japanese business trip. (Other: Visiting Yamamoto, chairman of Bunnies Production, in the hospital. Myocardial infarction.)</span></p><p data-uid="8d9aeca1-57db-4fa5-8603-d7affa2f1484"><span>Before the regression, around this time, an incident occurred where Chairman Yamamoto of Bunnies Production collapsed.</span></p><p data-uid="795e734b-43c2-483a-9cee-e3ea11a7f97f"><span>At the time, Hoop Entertainment and Aris Production were in a cooperative relationship, so Kang Gam-Chan selected who to send for the hospital visit. I came to Japan with Kang Ji-Yung and a few others to visit Yamamoto.</span></p><p data-uid="95342b2f-fbbe-4851-ba40-a38f1033ce4a"><span>However, since our company wasn't a top priority, our visit group had to wait outside the hospital for two days. During those two days outside the hospital, I overheard all kinds of information.</span></p><p data-uid="bf1db575-4435-4218-beb4-cd982ffcf35f"><span>Back then, industry insiders, men in black suits, celebrities, and subsidiary company presidents walking the hospital corridor were all whispering about whether the ownership of Japan's top company, Bunnies Production, would change hands.</span></p><p data-uid="e458bf5a-2b78-4be1-916b-15a78d0082e6"><span>Because I remembered all of this and had a clear schedule entry from Everyday, I knew Yamamoto's life was hanging by a thread. On top of that, Yamamoto was highly superstitious. He always kept a monk named Fujita by his side to guide his decisions.</span></p><p data-uid="1868899f-5870-4606-baf8-fa38aebd56a1"><span>That was the reason Fujita was here in Aris Production's 11th-floor VIP meeting room at this moment. So I took advantage of the image of being the fortuneteller to shake Yamamoto.</span></p><p data-uid="dd7a0c00-e552-49e2-8f3c-961ad2a05b4c"><span>However, even though I warned him his life was in danger, Yamamoto wouldn't stop threatening me.</span></p><p data-uid="da721268-a522-4064-acb6-fff7a71f7786"><span>"Don't make me laugh!...</span></p>