---
title: "Chapter 795: Schemer (2)"
weight: 795
---
<p data-uid="6f6f1b08-4710-4640-a4ef-1d17cf7995c2"><span><span>Even after I brought up So Yi-Yung's sponsorship scandal, the merger announcement for Everyday stayed on the schedule entry.</span></span></p><p data-uid="5d65dc83-fbfc-419f-942f-f253ead95570"><span><span>I tilted my head in confusion, and at that moment, Sung Hak-Soo made an unexpected offer.&nbsp;</span></span></p><p data-uid="dc850e37-9f4f-473f-80a6-a3eb5c62f472"><span><span>"Let's exclude So Yi-Yung from the acquisition. Her exclusive contract is worth about five billion won... Once I move her to another agency, I'll deposit the transfer fee into the company account."</span></span></p><p data-uid="d93819d5-cf2e-47f8-8547-33f1bc82fd4f"><span><span>Sung Hak-Soo proposed a counter-offer: acquire TNT Entertainment without So Yi-Yung. He promised to replace So Yi-Yung's contract value in cash. It was no wonder the merger schedule entry hadn't been scrapped. Sung Hak-Soo must have planned to resolve the issue this way.</span></span></p><p data-uid="737b194c-ad8e-4c16-b149-0c7f94cc35dd"><span><span>However, TNT Entertainment had problems beyond just So Yi-Yung. I had to derail this merger no matter what.</span></span></p><p data-uid="8ce67181-a84a-4022-803d-a6277e7ee47a"><span><span>At that moment, Sung Hak-Soo glanced at me and casually continued. "However, if you want to get So Yi-Yung's contract money, you'll have to bury the sponsorship rumors. Just give me a hint and tell me who her sponsor is. I'll take care of it quietly without a trace."</span></span></p><p data-uid="5208b828-8840-4506-a51a-18de303b808b"><span><span>'</span><em><span>And why should I trust you</span></em><span>?'</span></span></p><p data-uid="5017616a-5c42-4a04-832e-806a5a4c675f"><span><span>If I told him the sponsor's name, I would be handing the knife straight to Sung Hak-Soo.</span></span></p><p data-uid="c8bd2b9c-2abd-4a2c-887d-e3dc6bcec4ea"><span><span>If Sung Hak-Soo told the assemblyman sponsors that I knew their dirty secrets, their aides would be on me in an instant, demanding where I got the information and who the investigating reporter was. They would corner me ruthlessly. That was why I never shared this information before the regression either.</span></span></p><p data-uid="0e793a3d-adc0-4422-833e-f171fad83ff9"><span><span>"How can I trust someone who doesn't even know whether the product he's selling is defective?" I asked.</span></span></p><p data-uid="79df1189-c9b9-4647-81ef-d9a1e1977dbf"><span><span>When I pointed...</span></span></p>