---
title: "Chapter 711: First-Year Talent Agent (3)"
weight: 711
---
<p data-uid="33c3d57f-e2da-4c9c-94a6-79b5a8430a14"><span>"Catch your breath and tell me everything slowly."</span></p><p data-uid="3d9d5c54-8d1c-4a9b-b618-ce1c9db98235"><span>Jung Sang-Bong took a deep breath and spoke.</span></p><p data-uid="9bc36b95-1a80-45b2-932b-a27ee7898e38"><span>-I'm in the H2 Hotel lobby, and TK Entertainment's Managing Director Kang Hyee-Dong and Director Cheon Yi-Sang just showed up. The two of them are talking about some sort of lobbying involving PD Choi Seok-Hwan and PD Ahn Chae-Hyung, the ones you mentioned earlier.</span></p><p data-uid="2b0ae0d5-5361-4bc2-916b-907fb881f906"><span>Jung Sang-Bong said he had come to the hotel's gift corner to buy the exclusive Sunrise Doll as a gift for Miso. But that's when TK Entertainment's Cheon Yi-Sang and Kang Hyee-Dong showed up in the lobby.</span></p><p data-uid="928bda58-4f04-4401-b497-bf5e7e0afa00"><span>Kang Hyee-Dong had replaced Ma Dong-Pal after he was sued, and Cheon Yi-Sang was from TK Entertainment, with whom I had a bad history. And now, those two were talking about Choi Seok-Hwan and Ahn Chae-Hyung, mentioning some kind of lobbying.</span></p><p data-uid="9505901b-e342-4604-8864-16d573d4b474"><span>I had told Jung Sang-Bong to call me right away if he learned anything about the two PDs, and that was the reason he called.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="57122cd0-6dbd-43d4-9fd9-ac1b412f2026"><span>I had sent Team Lead Park Bok-Han back to Seoul, but now his spot was being filled by Cheon Yi-Sang and Kang Hyee-Dong. As expected, changing fate was no easy task.</span></p><p data-uid="ef2793d1-fe59-4f0f-858c-8fb4306b2e58"><span>"Then did you happen to see Miss Oh Sung-Yeon or Mr. Choi Dae-Gi nearby?"</span></p><p data-uid="8e2fe811-d452-4c5b-9567-937b239377c6"><span>-No. I only overheard Director Cheon Yi-Sang and Managing Director Kang Hyee-Dong talking in the lobby. They didn't see me.</span></p><p data-uid="ceb5b15d-1331-45a0-8f10-5e3f305cd8c9"><span>"You did good. What about Deok-Bae? What's he doing?"</span></p><p data-uid="f00dfda3-6f91-49c2-a100-197f6d8f7e59"><span>-Right before I came down, I saw him in the room on the phone with Han-Ul.</span></p><p data-uid="369cbee7-f376-4fed-aa46-086447580b4a"><span>It was no wonder why I couldn't get through to him.</span></p><p data-uid="69211275-cc90-4294-a7da-b8f79ea06ee2"><span>"Got it. I'm heading over now, so make sure Deok-Bae doesn't run into those guys."</span></p><p data-uid="380c9b5a-10f5-4d09-b916-6ebbb3414131"><span>-Understood...</span></p>