---
title: "Chapter 712: First-Year Talent Agent (4)"
weight: 712
---
<p data-uid="9884d304-efef-4d0a-84dd-342f08bc5601"><span>The hallway of VIP rooms on B2 of the H2 Hotel's CLUB T-REX stretched before me.</span></p><p data-uid="7add2f46-65a9-433d-b304-f9a5cfd127f7"><span>After brushing off Kang Hyee-Dong's hand, I immediately checked on Deok-Bae. "<em>Huff, huff. </em>Deok-Bae, are you okay?"</span></p><p data-uid="3fe763ac-6480-44dd-9653-ad7022671342"><span>Thankfully, he wasn't hurt anywhere from head to toe.</span></p><p data-uid="3137322e-4aa5-478b-9347-3afe6f988565"><span>Then Deok-Bae looked at me with wide eyes and asked, "Hyung, how did you get here…?"</span></p><p data-uid="6632c634-5244-40de-beb9-c73340d56acf"><span>"We'll talk about that later. And what were you thinking, stepping into something like this without a second thought? What if a story breaks out?"</span></p><p data-uid="926e9458-8e8e-4dd0-b84b-43a39045b61b"><span>Clutching the Sunrise Doll tightly in his left hand, Deok-Bae looked remorseful. "I came down here to buy the doll for Han-Ul… but then I saw Managing Director Kang dragging Sung-Yeon noona away…"</span></p><p data-uid="9b5a0059-74fd-425a-9710-2b0628aa709e"><span>Just like Everyday had said, Deok-Bae had come down here to rescue Oh Sung-Yeon.</span></p><p data-uid="3669681f-bb4a-4fbb-9386-84fb8b50f177"><span>"Alright. I get it. But from here on, leave it to me. Stay back."</span></p><p data-uid="d7c8e988-68db-4473-a025-c0ea214faa53"><span>"Okay, hyung."</span></p><p data-uid="c5fd415d-fb17-47b2-8a86-e359818e59df"><span>As soon as Deok-Bae stepped behind me, I turned to Choi Dae-Gi and Oh Sung-Yeon, who were collapsed on the floor.</span></p><p data-uid="dbc07489-1331-4103-89a1-56cbdd0d06c8"><span>"And you too, Mr. Choi. Step back. I'll handle this. Just take Sung-Yeon and—"</span></p><p data-uid="225135a3-ae10-41e6-952e-dc750eddb719"><span>At that moment, apparently insulted that someone half his size had pushed him away, Kang Hyee-Dong lunged at me in a fury. "Jung Yoon-Ho! You're fucking dead!"</span></p><p data-uid="011c52b1-2a97-40a7-9d2d-e7b6dbfb1588"><span>Knowing I had a boxing background, Kang Hyee-Dong charged in with his swollen fists guarding his face. When I had knocked his hand aside earlier, I could tell that he had a wrestler's grip. If I let him get close enough to grab my belt, things could turn dangerous. So I aimed my...</span></p>