---
title: "Chapter 812: Stock Subscription"
weight: 812
---
<p data-uid="c9e50ee2-a5d4-45cc-b112-6c7d548d9b22"><span><span>"As of noon, we've received over five trillion won."</span></span></p><p data-uid="ec3de458-447c-4e4a-8ae0-d7ccf3664026"><span><span>Even if we had only gathered one trillion by this morning, I would have considered it a massive success. After all, one trillion won was such a staggering amount that there was a saying: even if you spent six hundred thousand won every day since the days of Dangun mythology, you would still have principal left over.</span></span></p><p data-uid="c8382651-e8f3-44bb-9f1a-60025f3cea3e"><span><span>In just half a day, we had pulled in a whopping five trillion won.</span></span></p><p data-uid="74faf08a-ce75-41f6-bcb5-955b70c45be7"><span><span>"Is that true? Five trillion?" I asked.</span></span></p><p data-uid="45a6fcee-8636-4288-878f-bb727e85526e"><span><span>Cha Dae-Hyun nodded excitedly. "Yes. At this rate, we're looking at eight to nine trillion by the end of the day. Who knows how much it'll be by tomorrow!"</span></span></p><p data-uid="fb6095af-ac97-4164-8090-7dab80fded8f"><span><span>Of course, this subscription deposit wasn't actually our company's money. Subscription deposits were like collateral, temporary funds placed in hopes of buying shares, which would be returned after stock allocation.</span></span></p><p data-uid="428234d2-ba51-47aa-b3d3-498b88231f5a"><span><span>Still, the reason everyone got excited over these numbers was that it meant tons of people wanted to buy Hoop Entertainment stock. In other words, with this level of demand, we could hit a double upper limit on the first day, starting at twice the IPO price and then hitting the 30% daily limit. It might even hit a triple upper the next day.</span></span></p><p data-uid="38c13c6f-0d1e-4284-a5fb-65bf53394f4e"><span><span>Right then, Yoo-Jin, Ju Yung-In, and Miso, who had just gotten out of the car, cheered.</span></span></p><p data-uid="72024245-e889-42fa-8ea5-adb0083cc4ac"><span><span>"Whoa!!"</span></span></p><p data-uid="c09ec3ee-0f42-4aa4-9c1f-38ddcfd99467"><span><span>"Seriously?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="89b129a4-46d0-4b87-a74e-4eabbdaa6baa"><span><span>Then Yoo-Jin suddenly tugged at me. "Oppa, let's go buy our shares right now! You said there's a huge crowd. What if we're too late?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="f660ee28-8889-4e72-b909-20ea46af26f5"><span><span>I shook my head. "It's not about when you buy. It's about how much you put down as a deposit. The more you put in, the more shares you get."</span></span></p><p data-uid="d69fa33f-2d1a-47c7-a61d-93231de2bbcd"><span><span>"Still!"</span></span></p><p data-uid="8b9234ec-3caf-4df7-b81b-d205692069a8"><span><span>Miso, caught up in the excitement even if she didn't understand it, clapped her hands and tugged on my sleeve. "Uncle...</span></span></p>