---
title: "Chapter 676: Malicious Intention (5)"
weight: 676
---
<p data-uid="cf262f3c-016b-41c6-a0a7-810e32b4419a"><span>When Han-Ul and Deok-Bae stepped out in front of the set, reporters were clamoring for an explanation about the current situation.</span></p><p data-uid="41a6e860-4d30-451a-9bcb-320d0a86d9de"><span>Just then, a van pulled into the parking lot and a group of people got out. They were my secret weapon for public opinion, brought here at my request through Lee Soo-Chan—the elderly folks from the 'shantytown' neighborhood.</span></p><p data-uid="d90bc0ac-7407-4cd8-802c-cfb125feda96"><span>These were the people who had found Deok-Bae in the shantytown and raised him. They knew everything about him.</span></p><p data-uid="82fa3cdc-86a6-4578-9a46-a1776ec9bd35"><span>"Grandpa, use your cane as you step out."</span></p><p data-uid="42848866-832a-48ac-bb95-30f9f7082a74"><span>"There you go, Grandma. Slowly, slowly."</span></p><p data-uid="413e443e-00d1-485f-8e95-fa41debae410"><span>Six seniors, all in their seventies or older, were helped out of the van by Lee Soo-Chan, Lee Ho-Jae, and the younger brothers of Reverse Entertainment. Then, out stepped Park Dong-Joon—the one who had pickpocketed my wallet and led me to meet Deok-Bae—along with his grandmother.</span></p><p data-uid="a7b307c3-9d8b-47c5-8c0c-650ec9fcc672"><span>Since Park Dong-Joon lived with Deok-Bae and Han-Ul at Yoo-Jin's house in Amsa-dong, he had brought along the spaceship-shaped pet carrier with Han-Ul's dogs, Happy and Love, strapped to his chest.</span></p><p data-uid="0b8a3671-b76e-479f-968c-36801968bca2"><span>At that moment, the elderly folks who got out of the car, dressed neatly as if heading on a picnic, shouted out.</span></p><p data-uid="e50a4df3-40e4-4be6-8334-4c83b2265879"><span>"Is our Deok-Bae over there?"</span></p><p data-uid="79bc637d-3482-442c-8e68-aee57e36d6e9"><span>"Aigoo, our Deok-Bae. There he is! What a handsome boy!"</span></p><p data-uid="c6b8ea84-83e2-4096-afc7-1366cb637daf"><span>"Deok-Bae! I'm here!"</span></p><p data-uid="77229fdf-7498-4d81-b989-a1797301b891"><span>Puzzled reporters turned to me and asked, "Chief Jung, who are they?"</span></p><p data-uid="35f42588-6a7a-4d70-82e9-da26bea5731a"><span>I grinned and replied, "They're the ones who took in and raised Deok-Bae after he was abandoned in the shantytown. They're no different from parents to him, so they'll be able to clear up your questions."</span></p><p data-uid="75f01a5a-9ada-4a7a-99b9-f0e44d1a5549"><span>"They raised Deok-Bae?"</span></p><p data-uid="9010d1e2-39d4-4530-8bb3-2873840ed8f6"><span>"Yes. Let me bring them forward first, and then I'll explain briefly."</span></p><p data-uid="bfbabd5d-be1b-4580-a35c-354d229c5962"><span>Many of the reporters had never heard Deok-Bae's...</span></p>