---
title: "Chapter 122: Lee Tae-Poong'S Audition (2)"
weight: 122
---
<p data-uid="f645469b-3c0c-4bfd-bcba-012d9f4dd4a6">Lee Tae-Poong was dressed in shabby North Korean military clothes and looked as though he hadn't eaten anything for a week. Not only were his eyes deeply sunken but his cheeks had also become so thin that slight wrinkles were visible. His lips were chapped and his half-open mouth was gasping for breath.</p><p data-uid="3c759958-2c98-4fa9-b68d-14b922966ed7">Perhaps because of these reasons, his eyes held a thirst and madness that made it difficult for anyone to easily approach him.</p><p data-uid="7438f9d3-69a1-41c4-9342-2d34d2488ec2">'<em>I didn't think he'd be in this bad of a condition although I was the one who gave him the advice…'</em></p><p data-uid="03d5a774-21ba-401f-89c9-e8fab23ee871">Choi Sung-Moon always held actors who immersed themselves completely in their roles with high regard. That's why I had advised Lee Tae-Poong the last time I met him to act like the protagonist even in his daily life.</p><p data-uid="72b89ef4-03a3-45bd-92d1-bd7b5df41860">Following my advice, Lee Tae-Poong was acting out the situation where the main character Choi Sung-Ha infiltrated a North Korean special operations battalion as Lieutenant Choi In-Sol under a false identity.</p><p data-uid="1adb5008-fb23-4e27-84ba-194dd3897597">'<em>Man, has he been living like this ever since I last met him?</em>'</p><p data-uid="df2e13d8-2db6-4c35-8602-505496c500a2">As I approached Lee Tae-Poong, I could hear other actors murmuring as they were wary of him.</p><p data-uid="969bbeb2-850e-4ee1-a7f6-b85f313ee89b">"Look at those eyes. He looks insane."</p><p data-uid="20949f25-39b4-4fe3-a9dc-619dd707c4f3">"He looks like he could kill someone."</p><p data-uid="267e5c22-6cf5-40c2-bbee-1c1dee007998">"Is he here for an audition or to take someone down?"</p><p data-uid="d8912700-f73b-42c7-88c0-dee23c2dcc63">Even Choi Yang-Seop from Ace Entertainment, who had won an...</p>