---
title: "Chapter 894: Omen (1)"
weight: 894
---
<p data-uid="e7f96112-5930-42de-9b91-283ee093f58f"><span><span>Yoo-Jin's screen debut, </span><em><span>She Was Beautiful</span></em><span>, had just completed its first script reading.&nbsp;</span></span></p><p data-uid="0cd96308-6a3b-4173-9faa-619472b45cd1"><span><span>After finishing the second script reading next weekend, we had planned to wrap filming between mid and late July. However, President Shin Jong-Ki was saying we had to finish filming by the end of May. No matter how famous Director Yeo Ik-Hwan was for shooting quickly, telling us to wrap everything up in just a month and a half was absurd.</span></span></p><p data-uid="8e2b839c-4d7e-4358-995c-ae0a7e9d0509"><span><span>I couldn't understand it at all, so I asked Shin Jong-Ki again, "What do you mean we suddenly have to finish filming by the end of May?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="3af7470d-7231-4849-9380-6e9153b623e7"><span><span>Shin Jong-Ki spoke with an apologetic look. "It turns out Director Jo Jae-Kyung is submitting a film to the Bucheon International Film Festival. The problem is, it's also set in the entertainment industry, like</span><em><span> She Was Beautiful</span></em><span>. And the story is similar too."</span></span></p><p data-uid="6f69f198-b340-4141-b931-e9cbe00564ed"><span><span>The Bucheon International Film Festival was a major celebration for filmmakers held in July. To screen a film there, shooting had to be completed by the end of May and an edited cut submitted, so it could pass review in time for screening. And now, at that very festival where countless fans would gather, a film with a similar genre and similar plot to ours was going to be shown.</span></span></p><p data-uid="82fdeb61-f1b9-4954-8aac-076b6f5ad7e2"><span><span>"Don't tell me Director Jo copied the script for </span><em><span>She Was Beautiful</span></em><span>?" I asked.</span></span></p><p data-uid="f8fe317f-eed7-49c4-88b5-65392efefb98"><span><span>Shin Jong-Ki shook his head. "No. I read the script. It's not a copy."</span></span></p><p data-uid="6bc0bb93-5b50-4389-b288-b6c5ec3b949c"><span><span>"Then what is it?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="88dca148-e915-4429-8a58-06584234fa48"><span><span>"It's a script that's been circulating for about three years. It seems Director Jo Jae-Kyung discovered a story with a plot similar to ours."</span></span></p><p data-uid="b48c02c7-f390-4810-aa40-5187dea366bb"><span><span>Jo Jae-Kyung's </span><em><span>A Week with a Top Star </span></em><span>was a romance about a top female singer who went through all kinds of incidents over the course of a week with her stoic bodyguard and talent agent, eventually falling in love.</span></span></p><p data-uid="a3088f3f-de50-4f2f-b43b-241c07aafc79"><span><span>On the other hand, </span><em><span>She Was Beautiful</span></em><span> was a romantic comedy. It followed a singer from an idol girl group who rose to become a...</span></span></p>