---
title: "Chapter 132: Recruiting Kang Ha-Na (2)"
weight: 132
---
<p data-uid="9eb74dbd-2bc1-45d8-b50d-b476cbaf68b0"><span>When the three tall members, with an average height of 169cm took the stage, Kim Chan-Hee, a singer who debuted from a public audition, showed a pleased expression as she sat at the judges' table.</span></p><p data-uid="9766bca4-3d1f-46cc-928c-d6d50ef57500"><span>"Miss Kim Chan-Hee. You're also from Eyestone, right?"</span></p><p data-uid="4e98cf75-cf15-4627-a453-0329661496e2"><span>When Judge Kim Heung-Ki asked, Kim Chan-Hee nodded. "Yes. They are my hoobaes."</span></p><p data-uid="0cea972b-12a8-4665-aa80-bdf55792d77f"><span>"Now that I think about it, everyone from Eyestone is tall including you."</span></p><p data-uid="c91ba2d2-f306-4e11-ae6f-328d65fc23d0"><span>While the judges were evaluating the three trainees from Eyestone Music Entertainment on stage, Lee Dong-Min asked a question.</span></p><p data-uid="b30b51c8-1fbc-46d5-a425-45e95e47131a"><span>"Yoon-Ho, is that her?"</span></p><p data-uid="b3897392-39ae-47a4-80a9-52edbd96141b"><span>"Yes. What do you think, sir?"</span></p><p data-uid="72d1feb2-13d6-4f33-9c78-15fba666de48"><span>"Well, she's got the looks but her age might be an issue—and she seems to know it too. There's no confidence in her expression. If she has a flair for acting, it might not be a bad idea to try training her to be an actress instead."</span></p><p data-uid="13701aed-03d6-4668-a581-20be46bd64f0"><span>As a 26-year-old, Kang Ha-Na had passed the prime age to become an idol trainee. She was two years older than Park Eun-Bin, who had been the most successful idol from her fifth year until last year.</span></p><p data-uid="20ce877a-9513-456f-990f-6416ce3334fb"><span>26 was the age for most college graduates who were about to start a life as an ordinary working adult. But in the idol world where many typically debuted in their late teens, 26 was the age when most idols would retire. Hence, it was understandable why Lee Dong-Min was worried.</span></p><p data-uid="9456103c-6609-4ea6-acf3-9d4271a8d535"><span>"Don't worry. It's not like I'm trying to recruit her as an idol anyway,"...</span></p>