---
title: "Chapter 460: Scalper (1)"
weight: 460
---
<p data-uid="2d14cec6-0a01-41e0-9b42-4b38ea2e0f37"><span>[Everyday V12]</span></p><p data-uid="f11327c9-544a-4542-af7c-012e6ec116ac"><span>[Date: December 26, 2020]</span></p><p data-uid="2e3d21fc-fa2c-415e-9d5a-f268c6ad42c0"><span>-07:05 p.m. [NEW. Kim Sae-Ri] (Urgent) Cherry Blossom year-end concert. 10% of sold-out seats left empty due to scalped tickets. On-site action directed. (Ticket King involved. Cases of "premium tickets" sold at 50 times the original price confirmed.)</span></p><p data-uid="4e5d5617-502d-44ad-813f-19ae4696afb9"><span>'<em>Huh? 10% of the seats will end up being empty?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="42f89af9-244c-41e1-9ded-34cb808e3a65"><span>Currently, Cherry Blossom's year-end concert tickets ranged from seventy thousand won to a hundred thousand won depending on seat location.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="bbb11b8f-d56b-4202-9029-2728f3282bd4"><span>Scalpers typically sold tickets at several times the price we set and unsold tickets were discarded, as they would rather throw away leftover tickets than risk selling them on-site and getting caught.</span></p><p data-uid="766cc187-8b89-4cdd-8a6c-a1320348c2bd"><span>This year-end concert would have an unprecedented 10% of the tickets discarded. The thought of the confusion caused by empty seats already gives me a headache.</span></p><p data-uid="57073a7d-1854-4640-b240-c873f0eb15a6"><span>But the bigger issue is the absurd ticket prices. Scalped tickets were often called "premium tickets," or "Plme Tickets" among fans. "Plme Tickets" were typically sold at 5 to 10 times the original price. However, Everyday reported that Cherry Blossom's concert tickets this time were being traded at a 50-fold premium.</span></p><p data-uid="38b72314-ca19-474e-b226-a97d835081d2"><span>'<em>A hundred thousand won ticket sold for five million won? That's ridiculous.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="211f70ad-30c9-481d-841e-2b55c092c0df"><span>While this highlighted Cherry Blossom's popularity, it was chilling to think about young fans, driven by devotion, resorting to desperate measures to afford such amounts.</span></p><p data-uid="ccbeb218-853b-4033-b277-959dc01bb3df"><span>At that moment,...</span></p>