---
title: "Chapter 331: Table Of Mukbang (3)"
weight: 331
---
<p data-uid="22e28e8e-98cc-43b2-a502-a9afdf027611"><span>Everyone's eyes were on the three evaluators.</span></p><p data-uid="56339a6c-6ea3-4dbf-91af-1da299e3bb97"><span>While the basic shooting script had been set in advance, the evaluation and judgment of the taste were entrusted entirely to Baek Jong-Suk, Lee Soon-Ja, and Yeo Won-Hee.</span></p><p data-uid="05f71447-8f2d-4883-be7e-95c03fcd8366"><span>The PD urged them to share their evaluation and signaled with a gesture.</span></p><p data-uid="e36ada54-4c87-4389-a823-be91b655b1c2"><span>However, instead of giving an evaluation, Baek Jong-Suk took another big spoonful of rice and bit into the aged white kimchi stew once more.</span></p><p data-uid="2cf79935-6e3b-4d10-bffd-474c7d1890f8"><span>The other two evaluators followed suit and took bites along with the rice, showing surprised expressions again.</span></p><p data-uid="b562e301-7a1a-417f-944c-d7648104611b"><span>Then Baek Jong-Suk looked at Haru and asked, "Mr. Haru, where did you learn to make this dish?"</span></p><p data-uid="1a786622-2bbb-4e97-8be2-76937cb98985"><span>Haru replied flusteredly, "Oh, I learned it from my mom. She got the recipe from a friend's house."</span></p><p data-uid="bbaca787-7bab-42c3-bcd5-1e21e2b84a2b"><span>While the typical red kimchi stew was less than a hundred years old, aged white kimchi and bossam have existed for much longer.</span></p><p data-uid="d31eeec2-3b2d-43f7-a8ca-a51893116be2"><span>Sae-Ri's family had long made aged white kimchi stew by wrapping aged white kimchi around bossam and Haru's mother learned the recipe and passed it on to Haru.</span></p><p data-uid="59880c43-9ef5-4f52-9327-fde4bc3a04c9"><span>Haru had simply prepared the dish taught by his mother.</span></p><p data-uid="0c6ca2c0-0db2-4742-b84b-8c7e63f18d6c"><span>Baek Jong-Suk nodded. "That explains this flavor. I was surprised that the aged white kimchi prepared traditionally was wrapped around the bossam. The depth of flavor was astonishing like a dish made by a daughter-in-law of a traditional Korean family. Thank you for the meal."</span></p><p data-uid="b568ac91-535d-4af1-ad63-bfff630c1bb7"><span>Yeo Won-Hee beside him also nodded in agreement. "I was surprised...</span></p>