---
title: "Chapter 725: Tie (2)"
weight: 725
---
<p data-uid="00f1ac48-ea0c-40bf-8cc0-cc698ded3dd5"><span>Jang So-Yeon was twenty-two this year.</span></p><p data-uid="11bbe86c-f30e-4b44-8436-9df08dfc878f"><span>In my previous life, she had come to Top Entertainment much later at the age of twenty-seven. Even then, she suddenly showed up at the company just like now and said she wanted to become a celebrity.</span></p><p data-uid="16d5a995-502b-4033-bda2-1744dd351aa2"><span>With her tall frame—174 centimeters—and alluring fox-like features, Jang So-Yeon had an undeniable magnetism that drew people in at a glance. Back then, I had immediately considered recruiting her the moment I saw her.</span></p><p data-uid="c7c09dd2-e4de-479f-8d47-aa1c101509fd"><span>However, she had been meticulous about hiding every detail about herself apart from her name and age. That raised red flags, so I had no choice but to back off. When celebrities hid their pasts, it usually meant there was a problem waiting to explode before debut.</span></p><p data-uid="afe2656c-9070-4c70-b01a-7c5298ff75da"><span>Still, when Kim Dong-Soo heard that a stunning beauty had walked into the company, he brushed off her past and scouted her on the spot. Afterward, Jang So-Yeon gained recognition as a fashion model thanks to her height, then quickly rose to fame with a breakout role in Lee Ji-Yeon's </span><em><span>Sky Rain</span></em><span>.</span></p><p data-uid="3923e430-6bd6-4beb-b532-8a385cc67341"><span>But once she became a star, the quiet demeanor she had shown at first disappeared. Unlike Min Gyu-Ri or So Yi-Yung, who were infamous for scandals involving men or sponsors, Jang So-Yeon's issues were more severe from a professional standpoint.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="482fef2b-6170-4484-9b42-33754113bbf7"><span>Jang So-Yeon had symptoms of alcohol dependency. Even when she first arrived, I had noticed she drank soju often. After her rise to success, she swapped soju for wine and began downing a bottle a night before bed.</span></p><p data-uid="232bf750-7bc9-4bf9-b2ca-98e245648a2a"><span>That's when she started missing shoots. She would show...</span></p>