---
title: "Chapter 144: There'S No Such Thing As A Permanent Number One (5)"
weight: 144
---
<p data-uid="c898ed25-0972-4dc4-937b-f3db354ebed5">Kang Ji-Yung began to sniff my right hand.</p><p data-uid="d95e16f6-ccf7-47c7-a42e-a4d64f2d4747">"Yikes, how much did you drink that the smell of alcohol still hasn't gone away yet? It seems like you've gotten much better at drinking. Do you want to have a drink with me? I have some good wine."</p><p data-uid="f09e105e-af82-4645-801a-ffeff83bd4cb">Kang Ji-Yung's eyes sparkled at the smell of whiskey as she licked her lips.</p><p data-uid="8583cb8f-78c0-4cb3-aa9a-ce47edd5222d">But I let out a deep sigh and answered, "I didn't drink a lot. I just had one shot."</p><p data-uid="a83b4590-2ee0-4ea5-b7f0-88ef077b0e11">"One shot?"</p><p data-uid="d8673a52-d13f-47cb-998f-b334c304ef58">"Yes. When I said I would only take one shot, he poured an entire bottle of single malt whiskey worth 12 million won."</p><p data-uid="7a776611-e96b-4fb6-bd20-7937281c5242">"Oh my goodness, that's ridiculous! Jiang Wei is quite a character! Dumping a Glenfiddich 40 years old on the floor? Is he out of his mind?"</p><p data-uid="a760640a-c818-4e6c-961e-5278865c5127">Upon hearing me recount what had happened, the alcohol lover Kang Ji-Yung grabbed her neck and burst out in anger as she passionately explained how she couldn't possibly live under the same sky as someone who doesn't cherish alcohol.</p><p data-uid="0ebb8501-6cc5-4202-b438-77b16c20a360">Thanks to this, she was no longer in the mood to drink and I was able to escape from her house safely.</p><p data-uid="a2bdc4f8-9510-4267-9460-34f13fe6bd93" style="text-align: center">***</p><p data-uid="93d76b25-85b3-4d70-be5f-ce1e573ecbe2">Early the next morning, I sent a text to Gu Seong-Cheol saying I would be reporting to work late and headed to Yoo-Jin's house as soon as I opened my eyes because there was a chance that Kim Dong-Soo might go to Yoo-Jin's house.</p><p data-uid="672faa50-bd8c-4c2b-b099-8f4c1628df28">When I opened the door and entered, a half-awake Yoo-Jin greeted me. It was not even 7 a.m., which explained...</p>