---
title: "Chapter 652: Valentine'S Day Gift (3)"
weight: 652
---
<p data-uid="0ec79496-6702-4bd6-8682-835f3540e852"><span>The deep pomegranate-colored liquid swirling in the glass carried aromas of blackberry, cinnamon, and a subtle hint of vanilla. Its bold yet pleasant tannins filled the mouth, leaving behind an elegant, lingering taste.</span></p><p data-uid="6370cefd-4c78-4c55-aa35-265d2c992587"><span>Even without a perfect decant, it was obvious this was a premium wine—Château Mouton Rothschild, vintage 2000. A bottle could fetch up to five million won, and even then, it usually required paying a premium due to its rarity.</span></p><p data-uid="2f02445c-fe1e-41ed-925d-79f95097c263"><span>Yet here was Ha Jo-Eun, sharing it with Ma Dong-Pal.</span></p><p data-uid="0a47cf20-4b8a-4fe1-929d-eb18370e75bd"><span>"Aside from the price, it's hard to even find. How did you manage to get it?" I asked.</span></p><p data-uid="088eba5d-0cfa-40d1-a8dc-8cbd8b2e6b44"><span>When I identified the exact name and vintage, Ma Dong-Pal's eyes darted nervously. According to the Improper Solicitation and Graft Act, both the giver and the receiver of an unlawful gift could be punished.</span></p><p data-uid="ed0af41a-25b3-47aa-a6c1-48dd72002c4c"><span>Suddenly, Ma Dong-Pal raised his voice in defiance. "You... You just looked up an expensive wine name online, didn't you? You think just saying stuff makes it true? What do you even know about wine? You're no sommelier!"</span></p><p data-uid="16a427c4-559d-4676-a44d-b56acc2632c2"><span>'<em>What do I know about wine? I know it extremely well because of Kim Dong-Soo.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="8bf9c5b2-4fe6-4636-97b2-e8f70c0fd9fd"><span>Before the regression, the high-ranking officials he and I met often enjoyed wine. These officials used wine knowledge to measure class and refinement. Because I had a complex about my education and background, I memorized everything about wine history, origins, and vintages just to keep up. Eventually, even those elites acknowledged me, saying I was better than a sommelier.</span></p><p data-uid="66eaf515-fd65-4666-a42c-8d7087de4dff"><span>Back then, I gritted my teeth studying all that....</span></p>