---
title: "Chapter 832: To Number One (2)"
weight: 832
---
<p data-uid="8220ed81-1c60-4ee3-963a-62a0083c156c"><span><span>The next day at five in the morning, I handed the Treviang trio off to Chief Han So-Yoo and the stylist team, then headed to KBC on my own. We had a pre-recording session scheduled early that morning, so I was going in advance to meet the PD and get things rolling.</span></span></p><p data-uid="20a34745-babb-4158-98df-5cdfd399a719"><span><em><span>Screech.</span></em></span></p><p data-uid="ea7eb7e8-2013-4401-8224-d5b7b2a1b0f1"><span><span>After parking, I grabbed two paper bags filled with gift cookies and walked toward the main KBC building.</span></span></p><p data-uid="0eba5bb5-3d69-4652-9698-d6351748098e"><span><span>In front of the KBC headquarters, Petite More's fan club, the Petite Angels, were huddled together in thick jumpers, their eyes wide like startled rabbits. Leading them in a flashy pink coat and waving a cheer stick like a conductor was Petite More's president, Bae In-Jung.</span></span></p><p data-uid="c3eaf2ed-94a7-4af8-9783-cceb5cca2f16"><span><span>"Hey, you know today's the most important day, right? We got first place in week one but lost it in week two. If we don't take it back today, the momentum could break. So we've got to make sure Eun-Bin gets back on top. Also, anyone who sent out more than ten vote reminder texts to their friends, come see me. I'll be checking."</span></span></p><p data-uid="7db38065-5cb4-4bd3-b7c3-73527b4c343a"><span><span>It was still cold in the early April morning, so the Petite Angels clustered like penguins, responding to every word from Bae In-Jung.</span></span></p><p data-uid="a914c7bd-af2f-41d4-a4c3-0d3919bc7878"><span><span>"Got it, President."</span></span></p><p data-uid="e39d5e0a-2029-4010-81eb-b7c06e8f7a84"><span><span>"Ten texts? Easy."</span></span></p><p data-uid="b80b5c88-adbe-48cc-ae70-e67179ea684b"><span><span>"You can count on us."</span></span></p><p data-uid="d877eec6-4ef2-420e-97e8-cfe992f336bf"><span><span>Pleased with their enthusiasm, Bae In-Jung nodded with a satisfied smile. "Okay. A coffee truck will be here soon. Hang in there just a little longer."</span></span></p><p data-uid="4f3c10ed-aea2-4c76-88be-e93ab0261490"><span><span>"Oooh~ That's our President!"</span></span></p><p data-uid="4e753012-3961-4dd5-90b3-39e0360eed08"><span><span>As the youngest daughter of the Baines Group, Bae In-Jung was flexing her financial muscle from the crack of dawn like a true fan club queen. Park Eun-Bin's recent win with 'White Day Proposal' owed not just to a good song but also largely to Bae In-Jung's influence as fan club president.</span></span></p><p data-uid="fe387a24-58e9-4e7b-a376-9d5811dd16ac"><span><span>However, after...</span></span></p>