---
title: "Chapter 388: Busan World Pop Festival (3)"
weight: 388
---
<p data-uid="83876713-6da1-43c6-aa5e-0f43850a7a67"><span>At the Busan World Pop Festival's final stage, Cherry Blossom performed confidently and showed off their skills before an audience of 20 thousand without a hint of intimidation.</span></p><p data-uid="fbd98fe5-3c92-464e-9f7e-5cf89da1a95b"><span>Although it was their first time on such a big stage, they radiated energy and won over the crowd.</span></p><p data-uid="bf2288a3-fc83-4587-ab54-5c55e10145dc"><span>Amid the audience's enthusiastic response, they wrapped up their new song, 'My First Love Story', and took a moment to catch their breath to prepare for their massive hit, 'Hurry Up!'</span></p><p data-uid="9cc6e41b-2f4c-4694-987b-8f2e5bd3489f"><span>Covered in sweat, the four members encouraged each other as the cheers grew louder. With the rising intensity, the event organizers lowered their postures and requested an encore.</span></p><p data-uid="ec38655e-10e7-4608-97a2-cc0fca49c1c8"><span>However, I wasn't willing to comply without compensation considering the disruption from the earlier performance order change.</span></p><p data-uid="8087549c-0c92-4720-a4cb-ac0ce99d879f"><span>'<em>They better give us an appearance fee for the encore song as well,</em>' I thought.</span></p><p data-uid="1bbb821e-1c35-4832-97a6-012686cd2293"><span>I replied hesitantly, "I don't know. I'm afraid it might be difficult due to scheduling conflicts and our singers' health…"&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="50095ec4-6839-4e3f-9a7e-ee90dcc7385c"><span>Oh Jong-Mi began to apologize profusely. "Believe me, what happened earlier was beyond my control. I'm really sorry about that."&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="2d0c3a93-eb4e-4f40-8e88-e12414ccf039"><span>Oh Jong-Mi explained that she was just following the instructions of Vice Chair Yoo Hye-Joo.</span></p><p data-uid="01e7bb10-bfeb-44b5-a681-439c9b31603c"><span>"So who is requesting the encore?" I asked.</span></p><p data-uid="1eecdf7b-fe2e-4cf2-8fde-11719519df04"><span>"It's the chairman."</span></p><p data-uid="9ab54c98-3438-423d-9e45-51daf6d0000a"><span>The chairman of the Busan World Pop Festival was Deputy Mayor Yang Sang-Choon of Busan City.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="5f3e7ad8-1701-44b9-b99f-d07cfb41a996"><span>There was nothing good about having a conflict with politicians.</span></p><p data-uid="e0b19e2d-365e-464c-b27a-f51893b4bd28"><span>Given his political standing, I wanted to avoid clashing with him—especially since the...</span></p>