---
title: "Chapter 41: Luxury Or Quirky (2)"
weight: 41
---
<p data-uid="142d4786-6c85-491e-a389-e97a6c59ec27">The new burger from Burger Queen was named 'Truffle Monster Burger.' It was a premium burger featuring a thick beef patty brushed with truffle oil and topped with crisp lettuce, various secret sauces, tomatoes, cheese, and even bacon.</p><p data-uid="d526b9c3-d0b5-4a4f-a31f-9a3d2e072aaf">To highlight this luxurious image of the burger, JUN Planning created an advertisement which featured handsome men and beautiful women in extravagant dresses elegantly eating the burger with forks and knives in a hotel restaurant.</p><p data-uid="fdac4361-29a1-4565-a0d3-fcb6a6f327af">『Truly an aristocratic taste! Don't you want to try it too?』</p><p data-uid="a007ef43-8c77-4436-9930-db798b653aaa">Right after this advertisement was released, there were numerous complaints on the Burger Queen website. People were criticizing and asking if burgers had become too elite for the average person to enjoy. As a result of this backlash, both the advertisement and the product were eventually discontinued.</p><p data-uid="a828c32b-73c4-41c5-8aa3-6863abfdc152">I couldn't let Yoo-Jin become the model for such a failed product.</p><p data-uid="c567d36b-17eb-48be-b191-d56f82e7e8f8">After I criticized JUN Planning's advertisement, the atmosphere in the meeting room became awkward.</p><p data-uid="24728fa7-f6d1-4f3e-a1d8-8ba4a21a0c66">Unable to comprehend my firm stance, Gu Seong-Cheol questioned, "But why? The product and proposed advertisement concept align perfectly."</p><p data-uid="2eba92ec-caca-4938-9268-be026547f916">Oh Duk-Gu agreed with him. "I share Mr. Gu’s thoughts. Eating a burger in a hotel restaurant isn't too strange, is it? It even reminds me of the recent trend of gourmet burgers."</p><p data-uid="d7b44f35-211c-422c-bd8d-e7a92921bae3">‘<em>If only I...</em></p>