---
title: "Chapter 286: Destiny (3)"
weight: 286
---
<p data-uid="e2b98913-244d-49bc-962e-83f522135bbe"><span>"Just pick any script with Jung Yoo-Jin as the lead and I'll make sure it gets produced no matter what it is!"</span></p><p data-uid="6cb1f1e0-e03b-4a03-8882-e330bc09c9ae"><span>The reward for saving a potential 30 billion won in losses turned into an extraordinary opportunity.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="7885b044-a1cd-4978-90a6-35991e99ccad"><span>In the world of drama production, the most crucial element was securing a broadcasting slot. Production companies sought funding and top stars mainly to secure this very slot. Without a confirmed air date, even the best writer, synopsis, and lead actors were worthless.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="bfc75c82-93cb-467c-99be-e06a28caff5a"><span>This was why the broadcasting stations held all the power.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="7cfbbccd-2a60-45b5-85af-8a03d1af31ff"><span>But Choi Sang-Byung was offering us full production funding and a guaranteed slot.</span></p><p data-uid="57f347fe-49d5-4d76-b3a8-b6808ce1eeef"><span>"Thank you, Mr. Choi!" I exclaimed with joy.</span></p><p data-uid="9d9aa2af-670b-4bd1-aa7b-7a0d445146f9"><span>I was so taken aback by the unexpected proposal that I instinctively bowed deeply. Even Kang Gam-Chan looked surprised.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="d8d2ed00-d28f-4d73-8af5-17b968c5f393"><span>Our company was suddenly being thrust into the role of a production company.</span></p><p data-uid="7af7b40e-4d87-46e7-ae68-c85dbfef1292"><span>Kang Gam-Chan said, "This is an incredibly generous gift, Mr. Choi."</span></p><p data-uid="3bebdba2-b0a9-4e81-910c-a2ae021e2688"><span>"It's nothing. I have to at least do this much. Thanks to you, we managed to avert a major disaster. The board might have been talking about removing me if things had gone wrong," replied Choi Sang-Byung.</span></p><p data-uid="546a55bb-32b4-4487-8a41-b26d5199da5b"><span>Then he turned to me again. "Oh, by the way. Did I mention the payment was 100 million won?"</span></p><p data-uid="44a44d92-b04a-4a2a-a891-0ee3ac0dcf4a"><span>I nodded. "Yes, the CP already informed me."</span></p><p data-uid="30d75e14-79c6-47d7-a503-99f9624df738"><span>"Rest assured. No matter what project you choose, the payment will remain unchanged."</span></p><p data-uid="341e92de-01d6-4073-ba6c-659985d58fce"><span>Typically, the actors' pay varied depending on the drama they chose. However, Choi Sang-Byung was promising Yoo-Jin a solid 100 million won...</span></p>