---
title: "Chapter 68: Crank In"
weight: 68
---
<p data-uid="355efc73-733f-4e04-804a-b0f2ecad35ab">“What?”</p><p data-uid="d645c69a-b947-4d65-8895-64bfccbab4a5">Miso looked toward Yoo-Jin’s room, placing her index finger over her lips. “Shh!”</p><p data-uid="7eee8871-9ccd-4244-95d8-c457cec20121">Then, she shook her head as she warned me that Yoo-Jin was angry. Miso explained that Yoo-Jin was upset that I didn’t visit them yesterday although I had promised to. She had even ordered a bunch of snacks to share with me. When I told her that I couldn’t visit them, Yoo-Jin grumbled that I was always too busy.</p><p data-uid="840a9846-f2c8-4b75-a475-86d7b0f138ee">As a result, Miso was also unhappy since her mom became upset due to my actions.</p><p data-uid="8e1614e9-8ecf-4b21-a19e-af07977addfd">But something was weird.</p><p data-uid="d0bb212d-9ea5-4a02-9f74-621b2f515322"><em>‘Yoo-Jin definitely told me that Miso was mad because I couldn’t come when she missed me.’</em></p><p data-uid="ac0bf3fc-3d2c-4971-9df1-fe821598ed83">However, according to Miso, it was the opposite—Yoo-Jin got upset first, which caused Miso to also get upset.</p><p data-uid="43184870-1ac0-4481-9c6c-9b57eb255b03">Nevertheless, I thought I shouldn’t pry too much into it. After all, I was too tired yesterday and might have misunderstood the situation. I decided to calm Miso down first while I thought of how to appease Yoo-Jin.</p><p data-uid="f3ae2cd6-ef8f-4744-b386-6435ca523600">"So do you still hate me, Miso? Even after I bought you a doll?"</p><p data-uid="cf6ff627-655f-45a4-a18f-c80a287a0525">Miso looked into the room and then back at me, wriggling her fingers and shaking her head. "No, it's not that... I can't just go back to liking you while Mom is still angry."</p><p data-uid="92c8664a-c0bb-4a7e-bfcb-282295e13608">Miso pursed her lips with determination as she placed the PowerTuff Girl doll she was holding down.</p><p data-uid="06ce4c17-d44a-4c46-924a-f0d33c9913c6"><em>‘She doesn’t hate me but can't like me either?’</em></p><p data-uid="60ba8f68-638f-4614-a77a-a1d7acd5167f">Miso saying she doesn't like me somehow made my heart ache.</p><p data-uid="5e693eb4-95d4-43b1-b1f3-eb7c153a7593">I made a pitiful face with my hands clasped. "I’m sorry, Miso. Can you please forgive me? I had a really...</p>