---
title: "Chapter 177: Choi Man-Sik (2)"
weight: 177
---
<p data-uid="9209396e-8d15-4564-b073-9e329d794384">“What? What did you just say to me? Stop, you say?” Choi Man-Sik responded, shocked that I would interrupt him.</p><p data-uid="f973de8b-81b6-41c5-9d2b-db0db5e950ca">In Kang Ji-Yung's office, I told Choi Man-Sik to stop pestering Kang Ji-Yung to send Cherry Blossom to Japan immediately.</p><p data-uid="44e72a75-2d3b-4479-959d-ffe1bff12d9a">“Instead of pestering us, why don’t you call Mr. Kang and ask him directly?” I asked.</p><p data-uid="7a0897fc-c1d1-46f5-b55f-07db0e6b9a7d">Even though shareholders owned the company, they couldn't exercise rights arbitrarily as long as the management rights were with Kang Gam-Chan.</p><p data-uid="def962ae-3850-4b81-a4b8-a1f62fe0c950">When I pointed this out, Choi Man-Sik gave an ominous smile. “I believe it would be impolite to call Mr. Kang while he is recovering from surgery and rehabilitating. He should be allowed to rest.”</p><p data-uid="f1a50fca-6fe4-48fe-8660-d46a573583c0">'<em>Why, this bastard…he even knows that Kang Gam-Chan is ill?</em>' I wondered.</p><p data-uid="d9b523f6-07f7-4ee7-930c-6fca74ff6de6">I thought he would eventually find out someday but did not expect the information to already leak. But thanks to this, I learned that this man was capable of handling information just like Kim Dong-Soo.</p><p data-uid="edc0cdb5-789d-485b-8c71-2e70b665cb0c">Kang Ji-Yung quickly took over the conversation. “It was just a minor surgery.”</p><p data-uid="0ee825ed-2c3b-4891-b7ee-f6f3a19eda1e">“Is that so? But I heard he has a brain tumor?” Choi Man-Sik replied.</p><p data-uid="9a9e8c04-4121-4bf3-8f87-aa984b9ec512">Kang Ji-Yung continued to stand her ground. “Mr. Choi, you seem very interested in my dad. It was a brain tumor in name but it was actually just the size of a grain of rice. Anyway, try calling him like Team Lead Jung suggested. Let's see what he thinks.”</p><p data-uid="5dff40e7-592c-4185-a462-5c967b8e8225">'<em>I'm sure it was definitely bigger than a grain of rice,</em>' I remarked inwardly.</p><p data-uid="a57d7eec-3e7d-42d8-b31e-2d37e2a0ca80">After pondering for a moment, Choi Man-Sik eventually nodded....</p>