---
title: "Chapter 525: Advertisement Offer"
weight: 525
---
<p data-uid="f861c952-2865-4c38-b92a-66bc69712ed7"><span>Ju Yung-In said, "Chief Kim Dong-Soo is reportedly meeting with actors and talent agents from Ace Entertainment."</span></p><p data-uid="b7fa6153-efaa-4593-865b-8c22b0f66993"><span>Kim Dong-Soo was preparing to return to Hoop Entertainment once his suspension ended at the end of the month, and this was information from Jung Soo-Hyuk's intelligence team that had been tracking Kim Dong-Soo's movements. Until three days ago, there were no significant developments.</span></p><p data-uid="018990ae-2882-476f-ae31-0169be62f890"><span>I asked, "When did he meet them?"</span></p><p data-uid="d1035f16-6681-471b-b6df-8e29fe8a52fe"><span>"Yesterday. He mostly met with actors and talent agents who are likely to leave the company."</span></p><p data-uid="409c623b-2caa-4092-b03e-501b835a8cf8"><span>Ace Entertainment was currently under investigation by the Southern District Prosecutors' Office and the National Tax Service. With Seo Jae-Ill from the Central District Prosecutors' Office launching a forced investigation, the company's atmosphere was chaotic. Aside from Im Sung-Hak, the other three major shareholders were considering splitting the company.</span></p><p data-uid="4696bd69-894f-464b-bcd0-0e27076a0089"><span>For Kim Dong-Soo to meet with actors and talent agents at such a time was highly significant.</span></p><p data-uid="17d223ad-89d5-4ad6-b4ed-fcbfde550ea0"><span>'<em>If he returns to Hoop Entertainment, is he planning to recruit actors from the divided Ace Entertainment?</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="1ef567bb-8484-4dbb-90ab-f0221c2fce28"><span>Since I wasn't certain, I asked Ju Yung-In again, "Is there any more detailed information?"</span></p><p data-uid="c60e3e7f-52e1-43d0-804b-2860e8992541"><span>"Other than that... just that Kim Dong-Soo looked into me?"</span></p><p data-uid="2fb11431-5d25-42c0-a800-343e09cecbe9"><span>Unfortunately, that was all the information we had for now. It seemed like I would need to ask Jung Soo-Hyuk to check again.</span></p><p data-uid="ed7560cc-3935-4e87-b05c-6c8e11a29f11"><span>"Thanks. I'll look into it. Oh, and keep your distance from Kim Dong-Soo. You're starting your own agency anyway."</span></p><p data-uid="fccae617-de3f-4726-9d10-905ac53f9acc"><span>Considering how obsessed Kim Dong-Soo had been with Ju Yung-In before my regression, it was obvious he would approach her again. If she got involved with Kim Dong-Soo, I had a feeling I would get dragged into it as well.</span></p><p data-uid="58d885b0-22ba-426c-87a8-a44e732036d8"><span>Ju Yung-In smiled. "Come on, I know...</span></p>