---
title: "Chapter 778: The Price Of Arrogance (1)"
weight: 778
---
<p data-uid="a54f23b8-3d83-4600-8fed-027ab230c3ad"><span>As I opened my eyes, bright sunlight poured down over my head. I felt completely refreshed, bursting with energy from head to toe. Then, a sudden jolt of awareness hit me. With my body in this condition, it could only mean one thing—I had overslept.</span></p><p data-uid="e3a4a5bd-c14d-4dec-8b11-c02fe0bd5527"><span>'<em>What time is it</em>?'</span></p><p data-uid="c1fd41dd-52e4-4657-9c26-f560584be3b8"><span>It was that spine-chilling moment every office worker experiences at least once. I grabbed my phone in a panic and saw that it was already 8 a.m. It was no wonder I felt so well-rested. I had gone to sleep a little after 9 last night right after getting a cucumber massage, meaning I had slept for a full 11 hours.</span></p><p data-uid="646b6e1c-2492-43e4-aa90-7bc0b01ed671"><span>Startled, I glanced to the side. The bed was empty. Even though we had all lain down together for the cucumber massage last night, no one was there now.</span></p><p data-uid="3c160dff-0f9d-4247-a183-f855eda7a91d"><span>Just then, I heard Jung In-Ji's voice calling from the kitchen. "Chief Jung~ if you're up, wash your face and come have some dried pollack soup!"<span class="footnote-ref" id="footnote-ref-c0b5"><a href="#footnote-c0b5">[1]</a></span></span></p><p data-uid="985019a6-bb17-4eff-99a8-3c3f9cadfdcf"><span>"<em>Ah</em>, okay. But where is everyone?"</span></p><p data-uid="5d5ee0d6-f469-4ab5-a8a3-f9579f299efb"><span>"They all went to the salon around five in the morning. Yoo-Jin and Miso left for shoots."</span></p><p data-uid="40b0668c-7cd6-497b-ab08-338e7b6408b3"><span>Apparently, they had all slept in Yoo-Jin's room on the second floor so they wouldn't wake me, had breakfast there, and left in the morning.</span></p><p data-uid="35e47df8-11e4-4d61-9013-ff040fc14403"><span>Cherry Blossom and the talent agents had gone to Ilsan for the <em>Project I.O.A.</em> shoot, Yoo-Jin headed to Gyeongju for <em>Hwaranjeon,</em> and Miso was off to Gwacheon for <em>Missing – The Lost Ones.</em></span></p><p data-uid="f03a717f-cd0b-41a4-9f28-eb6f1f40ce65"><span>"You should've woken me up."</span></p><p data-uid="f3b1ed3d-a6d4-47cc-9dab-96f918b79f48"><span>Stretching as I spoke, Jung In-Ji shook her head. "You were sleeping too well. I just couldn't bring myself to do it. And don't you have a schedule starting at lunchtime?"</span></p><p data-uid="a65e9e2b-ef6e-4164-a007-ae973a844271"><span>"That's true, but...</span></p>