---
title: "Chapter 75: Song Completed"
weight: 75
---
<p data-uid="8d10cff9-d3d7-41fa-ac6e-5e1369edb09e">After I finished chauffeuring Yoo-Jin to and from the shooting set every day, I would head to Park Seon-Nyeo's aerobics studio each night to mark my attendance. After a week of this routine, Park Seon-Nyeo finally called me into her office.</p><p data-uid="3576d5c1-a699-43fd-a9fb-43da2d96553e">"Mr. Jung Yoon-Ho."</p><p data-uid="6bf0a654-415d-4e75-8b1b-4427553c61d4">"Yes, ma’am?"</p><p data-uid="a477d7dc-3036-4519-8802-c18493592b5c">"Could you come see me for a moment?"</p><p data-uid="bc154403-b7ef-4b9d-9678-1615dd78e952">Since my face had often appeared in entertainment news articles thanks to Yoo-Jin, I thought that she had recognized me. I had planned to approach her myself if she didn’t call me in, so this was a relief.</p><p data-uid="f168c665-cf32-403f-8a06-16cb6daf8a8b">When I walked into the office, Park Seon-Nyeo looked at me somewhat skeptically. "You're from an entertainment company, right? I've seen you in the newspaper, so don't even think about lying."</p><p data-uid="ff11e2a0-71e9-4303-8b09-67d66db5fc44">As expected, she knew who I was.</p><p data-uid="51cd17d3-4cb5-48af-aebd-ea45c86e66ae">"Yes, ma'am."</p><p data-uid="8f4ee833-bc49-4c8f-a538-347c160ae859">Park Seon-Nyeo sighed. “Then would you mind leaving?"</p><p data-uid="4d74cb8f-ede3-4690-9733-cb1b9e88857e"><em>‘What? Just like that?’</em></p><p data-uid="1bd22d1d-8ed3-4027-bb18-46028503afde">I wanted to at least discuss the conditions, but Park Seon-Nyeo shook her head. "Don't bother if you're not really interested in learning aerobics. I'll refund your fee right away."</p><p data-uid="d5c139e4-c70a-4ba3-b35a-b6539314c4f1"><em>‘Wait. She thinks I’m not interested in learning?’</em></p><p data-uid="cf040da2-3837-412d-baa1-8257cef334b8">"Ma'am, it's true I came to offer you a choreography job. But to say I have no interest in learning aerobics? That's unfair!"</p><p data-uid="92d2467f-4bad-45ef-a02c-022ccb8e4062">For a whole week, I had checked every night if my hamstrings were still attached. My body was covered in patches due to muscle pain. Even Yoo-Jin joked that I smelled like I was undergoing chemical warfare...</p>