---
title: "Chapter 90: Come Back Home (2)"
weight: 90
---
<p data-uid="f51d417a-ad41-4a8f-ba1b-bd7c7e48d6fb">‘<em>The Yoo Eun-Ah Kidnapping Incident.</em>’</p><p data-uid="9cb94e12-7f4f-4d05-bc24-4cd6f830d6a8">That’s what everyone called the bizarre turn of events where Eun-Ah's father barged into the dorm and took her away around this time in my past life. Eun-Ah was able to return after two weeks, after the company threatened to take legal action against her father with the help of her mother and sister.</p><p data-uid="97e6b340-f374-4b5d-bd43-d28c34f788e5">However, the incident left Yoo Eun-Ah mentally distraught. This also affected the remaining three members of Cherry Blossom who couldn’t focus on practicing, which eventually led to their third album becoming a disaster.</p><p data-uid="5bb6c69a-d388-42ac-8539-bd51346d82fb">Following the failure of their third album, Cherry Blossom found themselves on the path toward disbandment. Following that incident, Eun-Ah roamed the industry for a while, eventually severing ties with her father. Of course, she subsequently became a very successful actress.</p><p data-uid="51e415db-4a1d-49a3-84f0-27c1cfd2c5b5">Despite this incident paving the way for Eun-Ah's successful debut as an actress, I had no intention of allowing her to endure such an ordeal again in this lifetime. I didn't want to see Eun-Ah suffer.</p><p data-uid="61b57f03-8ad3-43d1-9388-f6e4eb577c1b">As a result of that incident, Hoop Entertainment started to hold annual company-wide seminars to teach all staff how to handle unexpected situations caused by family members.</p><p data-uid="ef825ac7-d9b0-4795-b4ff-9d8918178fbe">The memory of that incident remained vivid in my mind.</p><p data-uid="4fe0def0-ee41-4a3d-bd38-a43982744af4">[Everyday V10]</p><p data-uid="755ca462-4f4d-4697-a858-8653846b00eb">[May 11th, 2020]</p><p data-uid="203a66ac-fd72-4c19-8bc1-ce4fd6f7e751">-01:00 PM Training on Handling Celebrities' Family Issues (Basement 2 Small Theater).</p><p data-uid="f2d8adbe-14d4-4b01-a507-f5cdd3d2ba33">If this event still existed...</p>