---
title: "Chapter 587: Bong Sook-Hee (2)"
weight: 587
---
<p data-uid="66bb7276-7420-48fb-ac97-5bb6f5ecdacf"><span>CP Bong Sook-Hee was able to manipulate viewership ratings.</span></p><p data-uid="070875e8-3472-4e02-837c-d7a3db8612e6"><span>Through a promotion company called Angel Media Consulting run by her younger sister, Bong Soon-Ja, she hacked into the servers of the viewership rating agencies TNK and Listener.</span></p><p data-uid="c1e91a91-7a8f-43ee-a94a-436b15204a86"><span>As a result, three years from now, Bong Sook-Hee would be found by the prosecution to have committed the crime of raising the viewership ratings of her past works by anywhere from 1% to 3%.</span></p><p data-uid="4dfe3d50-fa55-4916-87ba-384f0dd87b75"><span>And the related details still remained in my planner.</span></p><p data-uid="4720e7fa-0554-449f-bb90-8dbea9c74d4d"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="b65fc908-a511-4921-8d3f-10bd55882129"><span>[Date: November 23, 2024]</span></p><p data-uid="942b8139-5b3f-4160-9f3d-c7fb3226ba8a"><span>-10:00 p.m. &lt;Entertainment Everywhere&gt; Both major viewership survey agencies TNK and Listener had backdoors installed on their servers. Source code traces of external intrusion found. Under investigation by prosecution. (Note: Angel Media Consulting was responsible for the hacking.)</span></p><p data-uid="fa266f51-d364-4ac1-b9ff-0df21de279ed"><span>That was the reason I wasn't afraid of Bong Sook-Hee, who was called the Viewership Ratings Magician. Because once what I knew came to light, Bong Sook-Hee and Bong Soon-Ja wouldn't be able to avoid arrest.</span></p><p data-uid="bf784ccd-6796-4cd0-9aae-4fe2fce17744"><span>However, I couldn't share this with Oh Bok-Hee on the phone as I hadn't secured clear evidence yet. So for now, I downplayed Bong Sook-Hee and tried to calm Oh Bok-Hee down.</span></p><p data-uid="fe9e9964-c68c-4a38-921b-2683d4770661"><span>"When was the last time CP Bong Sook-Hee was called the Viewership Ratings Magician? And <em>Hwaranjeon</em> really begins from episode 5 when Yoo-Jin appears, so what are you worried about?"</span></p><p data-uid="c85192a3-3cc8-4903-a57c-3a6ea4d161e7"><span>The recently aired episode 4 of <em>Hwaranjeon </em>beat episode 4 of <em>Queen Jeong-Hee</em> with a viewership ratings of 23.7%, thanks to Miso and the supporting cast's standout performances.</span></p><p data-uid="f10737ec-1d3e-4ee2-94b3-418c916f68d2"><span>Since we had already won with just the child actors and supporting cast, I confidently said...</span></p>