---
title: "Chapter 860: Kim Cheong-Gi (2)"
weight: 860
---
<p data-uid="4001f473-2d99-412f-8af8-c95091a8cd20"><span><span>"Are you threatening to ruin our company's celebrities right now?" I asked.</span></span></p><p data-uid="b6330137-daec-4ef0-991d-201e4fd76716"><span><span>Director Hong Ah-Yoon curled her lips into a smirk. "That's right. If Oh Ji-Seon and Sung Hee-Yeon were seriously dating this trash with marriage in mind, then there must be some things they'd rather not have the public find out, right? So go ahead, upload Kim Cheong-Gi's trashy behavior online. Then I'll upload the photos of him with those bitches, and I'll make sure every gossip article spreads like wildfire."</span></span></p><p data-uid="affcec03-28bf-48b1-981f-8c2bbff3113e"><span><span>At Hong Ah-Yoon's scorched-earth tactic, Kim Cheong-Gi, who had been holding his face in his hands, shouted in panic. "Wait, Ms. Hong! You're supposed to stop those pictures, not fight fire with fire!"</span></span></p><p data-uid="53c2411c-dfb3-480d-9231-10ff5adfb2bb"><span><span>A security guard pressed down hard on Kim Cheong-Gi's shoulder. "Shut up. Ms. Hong's talking."</span></span></p><p data-uid="5c6ed33c-2240-4b6a-9d1e-c05c2ed20ff7"><span><span>"</span><em><span>Ugh</span></em><span>..." Kim Cheong-Gi let out a groan and clamped his mouth shut.</span></span></p><p data-uid="914819f4-b8ab-4309-8b0c-444a8e4a2910"><span><span>Hong Ah-Yoon looked at him with disgust, then turned her gaze back to me. "Didn't you say you care about your celebrities, Chief Jung? But as you can see, I couldn't care less about Kim Cheong-Gi. So in this chicken game, doesn't that mean I automatically win?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="66708196-77f5-4d54-b20b-45f77a67a33e"><span><span>She had a point. I only pulled out the womanizing photos to get a confession from Kim Cheong-Gi as a way to protect Oh Ji-Seon and Sung Hee-Yeon. However, Hong Ah-Yoon was threatening to destroy the public image of Oh Ji-Seon and Sung Hee-Yeon, even if it meant throwing away Kim Cheong-Gi.</span></span></p><p data-uid="ec2a3f79-af0a-4455-aaf6-b91549aa0a6e"><span><span>"So? What now, oh brilliant Chief Jung?"</span></span></p><p data-uid="687145f1-24a9-4f43-b242-accabbd4840b"><span><span>Hong Ah-Yoon was even smiling now, confident she had seized the upper hand.</span></span></p><p data-uid="3791b6a1-3e01-46da-8bc3-32c555222407"><span><span>'</span><em><span>Not bad, Hong Ah-Yoon</span></em><span>.'</span></span></p><p data-uid="88b0b9b9-b050-4e4b-a988-4263b8f073a4"><span><span>She was only twenty-nine, but she knew exactly how to wield power. And now, I could see why HK Inc. had planted her at HK Entertainment...</span></span></p>