---
title: "Chapter 220: Family (2)"
weight: 220
---
<p data-uid="576aa5f4-0b10-4fad-bfb5-46561cfd6d4e">Kang Eun-Gi looked at Lee Yeon-Sil slumped on the living room floor with a bitter expression.</p><p data-uid="cff0977c-304e-4a4e-a97a-f22058dd5940">He said, "Yeon-Sil, I'll meet up with Yoon-Ho as soon as I come back from China and ask for forgiveness again. He has softened a lot, perhaps because a long time has passed."</p><p data-uid="f628aa17-9e64-4d3d-90bf-9a7d255f704d">Lee Yeon-Sil looked up with a tear-streaked face and asked, "Really?"</p><p data-uid="185c0d81-4f80-4cc8-9580-7c07a7043686">"Yes."</p><p data-uid="44026ada-58e9-4993-9ec6-3903bc32aade">The memory of that day was a deep wound for both of them as well.</p><p data-uid="ff7f53e7-84b3-4ab8-aa68-3e812ba16af4">At the time, Lee Yeon-Sil realized too late that Kang Eun-Gi had been playing tricks. It was only after a few months that she understood the situation when she met the woman who was with Jung Yoon-Ho.</p><p data-uid="2f340d73-779c-47b0-aff2-074f3cc6d7dc">But it was too late to turn back.</p><p data-uid="ce314c6d-8076-4529-9178-08fe101b91e1">Lee Yeon-Sil had threatened to kill Kang Eun-Gi the day she found out the truth, but she couldn't completely hate the man who was willing to give up everything for her. Although he wasn't like Jung Yoon-Ho, he was the man who had protected her from storms since childhood.</p><p data-uid="32a14f79-7289-45c2-b476-0a6cdfbd1fdc">Kang Eun-Gi wiped Lee Yeon-Sil's tears with a bitter smile. "Don't cry too much. We don't want to startle our baby."</p><p data-uid="2b786358-b0ea-4903-b7e6-320037dd9041">From the moment she heard Jung Yoon-Ho's voice, Lee Yeon-Sil had been clutching her lower abdomen.</p><p data-uid="067cbe5f-2688-447a-8ea6-54a7d8af2164">"O-okay. I understand," Lee Yeon-Sil replied as she tried to stop her tears from flowing.</p><p data-uid="43630553-fdd2-41c1-afb6-1b04beb4724b">After a moment, she looked at Kang Eun-Gi and spoke."Let's go see Yoon-Ho oppa together when you come back from your business trip. Only then can we have a peaceful wedding."</p><p data-uid="61fea917-45eb-4912-af90-569770290edc">Kang Eun-Gi nodded. "Of course....</p>