---
title: "Chapter 672: Malicious Intention (1)"
weight: 672
---
<p data-uid="a51dbcc0-b71f-46c9-aa1f-3b03607194d0"><span>Today was the second day of<em> Project I.O.A</em>'s Tokyo audition. The moment I got a call from Reporter Jang Moon-Ki in Korea, a new schedule entry popped up on Everyday.</span></p><p data-uid="cd399a13-4aab-4311-a3ec-743e85812772"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="010fa95a-7b48-4075-90b6-ac80cbdddda7"><span>[Date: February 24, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="eb9b15c2-4705-40b8-bb2d-4dc0afc56018"><span>-05:00 p.m.: [NEW. Choi Deok-Bae] Entertainment All Times, "Rookie actor Mr. Choi accused of school violence. Role likely to be recast." (Meeting Note: According to internal MBS sources, some executives discussed forced removal before the first episode.)</span></p><p data-uid="7e94b347-2c57-4e06-912e-de571f28bf07"><span>'<em>You expect me to believe this…</em>?'</span></p><p data-uid="d25441fb-403c-42fc-a01d-1ba49261804f"><span>Though Deok-Bae lived in a shantytown, he was so upright he even scolded his pickpocket younger brother who stole my wallet. He was a good kid who cared for Han-Ul like a real brother, even though they weren't related by blood.</span></p><p data-uid="fa9eab86-7e9a-469e-b186-931e46b10852"><span>The idea that Deok-Bae bullied someone was completely unthinkable. Besides, I had managed Deok-Bae before the regression, so I was certain this article was just a rumor. However, if the network was considering recasting, the article must have come with pretty specific testimony.</span></p><p data-uid="549475ae-c50b-4699-bba8-d007b06a59e0"><span>Looking at Yoo-Jin's schedule entry alongside it, I could guess how quickly things would escalate in just two days.</span></p><p data-uid="ef601230-5ed0-4e7f-840f-6eadd1f9a510"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="9da80cbd-7989-4c70-9d00-3d41271653fe"><span>[Date: March 4, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="e1449826-1d2a-4c80-8496-1ad739a666d4"><span>-07:00 a.m. [NEW. Jung Yoo-Jin]</span></p><p data-uid="85264a8a-5bfc-4b9a-9dcc-cf6a55ac0f9e"><span>Entertainment All Times, "Popular star Jung Yoo-Jin accused of defending a school bully." (Meeting Note: Episode 15 viewership ratings of <em>Hwaranjeon </em>dropped from 26% to 21%.<em> Queen Jeong-Hee</em> overtook in viewership ratings. MBS demands Choi Deok-Bae's removal. Jung Yoo-Jin told to retract her statement of support.)</span></p><p data-uid="b1260d07-b634-471d-8f47-c11dd9bfc763"><span>Because Deok-Bae wasn't removed, <em>Hwaranjeon</em>, which had been flying...</span></p>