---
title: "Chapter 608: Vvip Fashion Show (4)"
weight: 608
---
<p data-uid="d2c8f1bb-5727-4e70-a79f-44b5e12c443c"><span>Kim Bu-Ho looked at Noh Hyun-Hee as he made a suggestion. "Mrs. Noh. Even if this is a VVIP event, asking Miss Yoo-Jin to try on every outfit when you're not even going to buy them—well, that's not very courteous, is it? Why don't you first decide what you actually want to purchase, and then ask Miss Yoo-Jin to wear it for you?"</span></p><p data-uid="25b61cf8-8ffb-4aa9-a65b-2956ebaf1d33"><span>Kim Bu-Ho had immediately seen through Noh Hyun-Hee's malice toward Yoo-Jin and so had proposed that Yoo-Jin would only wear the dresses from Part 1 of the L.M.L Black Label show if Noh Hyun-Hee chose which ones she would buy.</span></p><p data-uid="c02e5f8e-2857-4a51-9211-a382280e1b61"><span>It was a clever reversal using the upper class's etiquette against her since it was unseemly to ask about the price of dresses shown at fashion shows. If she insisted on having all 30 outfits modeled again, there would be no telling how much she'd end up having to pay. Especially since the premium line of L.M.L Black Label had never publicly listed prices, the total could be astronomical.</span></p><p data-uid="f13766ae-2e4c-4682-9a1c-2d721c14cc0f"><span>As expected, Noh Hyun-Hee's expression stiffened once she realized she didn't know the prices.</span></p><p data-uid="f7356913-0944-4248-a366-50333860e5d9"><span>Seeing this, Kim Bu-Ho subtly began his provocation. "<em>Hmm?</em> Why so quiet? Surely the mistress of the great HK Inc. didn't come here just to window-shop? Didn't you say you really wanted to attend our show?"</span></p><p data-uid="07a85c52-18b5-4484-8815-1fdb0a471c94"><span>The moment HK Inc. was mentioned, Noh Hyun-Hee snapped. "What do you take me for?!"</span></p><p data-uid="13f6bdd0-6b5c-4d30-84a4-d706457780ef"><span>Seasoned as ever, Kim Bu-Ho took a step back with an apologetic nod. "Well, it's true. There's no way a lady like you would just browse without buying. I apologize. That was hasty of ...</span></p>