---
title: "Chapter 191: Leaving Bohol Island (2)"
weight: 191
---
<p data-uid="f2e60069-69d0-4b1a-ada6-0bbf9d47098d">Police Chief Eddie of Bohol Island placed a gift from Daniel, the boss of the Ahas Organization, on the table.</p><p data-uid="8a90c8e0-f750-452d-a66b-85414b2378b5"><em>Thud.</em></p><p data-uid="c99b40f9-4aad-4441-8465-18271062cdc2">The black leather bag about 50 cm in size made a heavy sound as if something weighty was inside.</p><p data-uid="8604f50f-6ae8-486a-a78f-46bbf1da225d">"This is an apology from Daniel for the unfortunate incident yesterday," Eddie said.</p><p data-uid="eb3e621f-6bb0-4964-90d9-cf12096e2974">When I asked if it was a petition, Jason shook his head.</p><p data-uid="498db09b-11ee-4eee-ad90-d8aefdc099c8">"No. It’s common for the small fries to get caught, and he’s not someone who worries about lower-ranking members of the gang. Which is saying Daniel didn’t orchestrate this incident either," Eddie explained.</p><p data-uid="0cfc1b33-4b82-461a-a55f-20c80a462f34">"Then what is this for?" I asked.</p><p data-uid="904dc296-edea-4ab4-ad3d-7abd45a2a9a9">Eddie hesitated for a moment before speaking. "Actually, Daniel of the Ahas Organization has a daughter named Annie…"</p><p data-uid="4f3ae201-2f0e-4382-930c-93312465a115">"And?"</p><p data-uid="dc4b79c6-f4e3-4510-b0e0-c74ea384d6e9">"Annie got angry at her dad for the first time this morning, saying she'll never be able to see Miss Yoo-Jin as long as she lives because of her dad's subordinates," Eddie continued.</p><p data-uid="21de7aab-5406-4d8a-999c-bf274fa2b183">My eyes widened. "No way. Is she a fan of Yoo-Jin?"</p><p data-uid="e6e2c3e1-8290-4e82-987c-753cfc1f38b2">Eddie nodded. He explained that Daniel's daughter Annie was currently crying her heart out, blaming it all on her dad. She believed she'd be hated by Yoo-JIn all her life because of her father's poor management of his subordinates.</p><p data-uid="b5729b9a-d215-45c3-ae8f-adace82c0f4e">Not knowing what to do to calm Annie, at the volatile age of 15, Daniel tried to mend the situation with a gift.</p><p data-uid="358455a9-393a-4e47-9b0e-fd73f0bef190">Eddie sighed as he read my expression. "Honestly, I understand it might be hard to grasp."</p><p data-uid="eb222787-cbdc-4aab-92bd-15478507ad34">"No. I get about half of...</p>