---
title: "Chapter 782: Mistake Of The Enemy"
weight: 782
---
<p data-uid="e48b9a99-082b-429f-bb62-88829f73513b"><span>On the table inlaid with ornate black lacquer inside VIP Room 1 at Red space, a luxury bar in Apgujeong, five bottles of Valantine's 40-Year-Old whisky were laid out. Each was worth over ten million won with only a hundred bottles produced annually.</span></p><p data-uid="9f114c4b-1e28-4494-be9a-34b4326dc113"><span>Seated in front of them were President Bang Sang-Yung and Hoop Entertainment's Division 1 Chief Choi Eun-Seok, along with Team Leads Kang Do-Woon, Woo Ji-Hyun, and Jeon In-Gyo.</span></p><p data-uid="6963a97e-8e98-43f6-ac58-c01b19a88f30"><span>Bang Sang-Yung smiled at them all. "You remember what I said? That when I made it, I'd treat everyone to Valantine's 40? Well, I've finally made it happen. How about we regroup at TNT and get back to working hard together?"</span></p><p data-uid="0ac2dd5e-4f5f-433e-a281-2dbc308acd49"><span>Choi Eun-Seok replied on behalf of the others, his voice tinged with irritation. "When you left the company, you didn't even call us. And now you want to work together again? I thought our connection ended back then."</span></p><p data-uid="070cf24e-6ddd-4b89-a058-caaf5c39ad2b"><span>Choi Eun-Seok, Kang Do-Woon, Woo Ji-Hyun, and Jeon In-Gyo had all been handpicked and hired into Hoop by Bang Sang-Yung himself. They were his hoobaes in the industry. Yet not only had Bang Sang-Yung left without a word, he hadn't contacted them even after returning to TNT Entertainment.</span></p><p data-uid="7c39e694-8b66-4148-9185-64be61292a47"><span>As they voiced their resentment, Bang Sang-Yung lowered his head, gripping the table with both hands. "I've got no excuse for that. I'm sorry. Honestly, I was barely holding myself together. Then I suddenly had to take over TNT and things got crazy busy. You're all like family to me, and I failed you. That's on me. I ask for your forgiveness."</span></p><p data-uid="60536f61-efef-4068-9af7-ab2a765acaf1"><span>Choi Eun-Seok stood to leave. "Forget it. There's nothing to forgive or not forgive. It's in the past. If this is all you had to say, we'll...</span></p>