---
title: "Chapter 727: Tie (4)"
weight: 727
---
<p data-uid="6ff43019-a578-47ff-9e64-db140110632e"><span>Currently, the staff opposing Jang So-Yeon's recruitment included those in Actor Division 1 made up of former Suhyaejong talents, and Actor Division 5, Singer Division 3 and 4 from Gwanwoo Entertainment.</span></p><p data-uid="a192d121-fd38-46ca-a043-d9f5ac84bb9d"><span>They claimed that bringing her in during such a sensitive time, right before the company's IPO, could pose a major risk. However, the real reason was far more selfish: they were worried the value of their employee stock shares might drop.</span></p><p data-uid="97a95b0a-ea73-473a-b632-611dce5bd1f3"><span>As someone who had built Hoop Entertainment from the ground up, I found it absurd. I nearly flipped the meeting room table right then and there, but there was something I had to do first.</span></p><p data-uid="93711985-1202-495b-bd41-41b07fb0e545"><span>I turned to calm Jang So-Yeon, who had gone pale. "So-Yeon, don't worry. This company's always been full of people who oppose anything I do. That's just how it is here."</span></p><p data-uid="2ad2a5b9-8c18-4419-8f0e-dd5128becc37"><span>Gu Seong-Cheol, who had brought the news, suddenly looked sheepish. "<em>Ahem</em>. I probably shouldn't have said all that." He cleared his throat and added, "Ms. So-Yeon, Chief Jung will handle everything. And trust me, he's not the kind of man who abandons people. You have nothing to worry about."</span></p><p data-uid="3189b37f-c52d-4cbd-aaf3-9cadccbcec28"><span>Just then, Ju Yung-In chimed in. "So-Yeon. Even if you don't trust anyone else, you can believe these two. And if worst comes to worst, don't worry. I'll bring you into JU Entertainment myself."</span></p><p data-uid="b9d0af14-cbcb-419f-84fd-e35077e27527"><span>If Hoop Entertainment turned Jang So-Yeon away, Ju Yung-In was ready to sign her herself.</span></p><p data-uid="14ddd52e-408c-46be-bdb8-d2d24e699f94"><span>Jang So-Yeon seemed a bit calmer now, though her eyes still looked confused as she turned to Ju Yung-In. "Unnie… why...</span></p>