---
title: "Chapter 500: Rumor And Rumor (1)"
weight: 500
---
<p data-uid="7b1510ee-40c2-4f62-a63d-d29b48d45a6e"><span>[Everyday V12.1]</span></p><p data-uid="dfa76e08-a2fb-41c3-b4f5-ddc442351459"><span>[Date: December 15, 2020]</span></p><p data-uid="890170b0-b36d-497b-a90a-3187574a04d2"><span>-10:00 p.m: [NEW. Yoo Eun-Ah]</span></p><p data-uid="995efc8c-984b-40f3-a82b-b7d6c91d2ad8"><span>&lt;Baro Star&gt; "Yoo Eun-Ah demands top actress treatment on set! 'I only drink Éviang!'"</span></p><p data-uid="34952e74-8969-488d-b416-c905e938df82"><span>&lt;Entertainment All Times&gt; "Yoo Eun-Ah: The true face behind the goddess image. Power-tripping on staff!"</span></p><p data-uid="d2f3eee7-2933-4afd-b9d8-30753dbf6b68"><span>(Meeting Content: Malicious rumors are spreading seriously. Entertainment news articles are flooded with them.)</span></p><p data-uid="65c246d1-5162-4cb5-8833-f79bda5e83e5"><span>Everyday reported that ridiculous rumors about Eun-Ah would be circulating. The first people that come to mind as the most likely culprits were Lee Dong-Ju and Ahn Hee-Soo, both from Ace Entertainment.</span></p><p data-uid="77e963a3-24e9-4714-8884-8e089e45baae"><span>Lee Dong-Ju was twenty-six-years-old and had been acting for five years. Ahn Hee-Soo was twenty-five-years-old with a four-year career. Both were considered talented actors, but both of them will leave the entertainment industry due to personal scandals next year.</span></p><p data-uid="4a0c6301-48e9-496a-88a1-270c83162299"><span>'<em>Lee Dong-Ju and Ahn Hee-Soo... Those two would definitely gossip about Eun-Ah.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="2d03f4a6-1e6a-430d-8ab8-5ba9e5ff322a"><span>But there was no way these actresses acted alone. Ace Entertainment must have orchestrated this.</span></p><p data-uid="1cada49c-992c-4b8d-8a8d-653fc2bdab9d"><span>'<em>And what's this about Eun-Ah only drinking Éviang which costs four thousand won per bottle? She drinks water from the office cooler just fine! What kind of nonsense is this?!</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="58d9f082-004a-4baa-bded-da9e3fe77ca7"><span>It was absurd, but that's how rumors worked. They started with 'That makes no sense!' and ended with 'I heard she really does that,' ruining the celebrity's image in the process. I had to stop it before it spread any further.</span></p><p data-uid="44c4525f-9b06-4c6d-b454-44bdeac991cf"><span>If it dragged on, her image would already be destroyed and advertisers would be threatening to pull their a...</span></p>