---
title: "Chapter 320: Beyond The Boundary Screening (2)"
weight: 320
---
<p data-uid="90307df8-a0d9-4d4b-9ca4-69c18b0ef67d"><span>The sight of Lee Tae-Poong filling the massive screen was nothing short of shocking.</span></p><p data-uid="4cadb13b-37ff-4838-a565-bc63fd31285c"><span>Instead of the long-haired pretty boy image, a man with a sharp jawline and short hair was exuding raw masculinity.</span></p><p data-uid="70ac3a53-7b9d-4a01-a350-2a48d4045bd7"><span>The audience, so captivated by Lee Tae-Poong's successful image transformation, forgot the need for silence and continuously expressed their admiration.</span></p><p data-uid="f3eca0cc-4992-4525-a7cc-675fc368a988"><span>Moments later, the shirtless Lee Tae-Poong breathed heavily and began running alone through a rain-soaked training ground.</span></p><p data-uid="6975a7f6-ceb2-4238-add4-156abc3ca7bc"><span>Rainwater flowed between his defined, bronze six-pack abs, eliciting gasps from both men and women in the audience.</span></p><p data-uid="b8563f03-ab9d-4ac0-9258-d3eb13e4aeaa"><span>"Wow, look at that body. I'm so jealous. No matter what I do, I can't get that."</span></p><p data-uid="c18d14e6-6a11-4fee-b5f9-16507f1d3a9a"><span>"Isn't it just unfair to have that face and that body?"</span></p><p data-uid="d91eac01-9300-4481-b4a7-5db0c3b2f03d"><span>"I wish the movie was just full of Mr. Tae-Poong..."</span></p><p data-uid="50249044-75d6-469b-b66c-4448ac9dc0b1"><span>"Look at those abs. Is he even human or some kind of beast?"</span></p><p data-uid="4d0ad01a-9586-4ce9-b9b7-d7eabe2c0559"><span>"</span><em><span>Ahem!</span></em><span>"</span></p><p data-uid="f0a5ee5c-f323-41e8-b22a-692a5c85a025"><span>Only after Choi Sung-Moon cleared his throat did the audience snap back to reality and quiet down.</span></p><p data-uid="deb0cd64-43ee-45f8-a920-d941d10cb453"><span>In the next scene, Lee Tae-Poong appeared in North Korean special forces attire as he crossed from China into North Korea.</span></p><p data-uid="42e1a501-ecb1-44a7-ba31-9fc8bfc03b08"><span>Half-submerged in the cold and fast-flowing waters of the Amnok River, Tae-Poong's face painted black for camouflage barely peeked above the water's surface.</span></p><p data-uid="78b5769b-c378-44bb-b6a5-b4d530cc1537"><span>His piercing gaze visible just above the waterline was as sharp and chilling as that of a wild dog, sending shivers through the audience.</span></p><p data-uid="802283cd-ff14-4acc-ba78-7f5c1fab0aa8"><span>Everyone was enthralled by Lee Tae-Poong's intense expression and felt the tension in their own bodies.</span></p><p data-uid="ee295d38-f501-4fdb-bcc1-09bc2fc19f56"><span>As the scene transitioned to his infiltration into North Korea for a mission, a relentless...</span></p>