---
title: "Chapter 677: Rising (1)"
weight: 677
---
<p data-uid="9a395600-0407-4df2-b30a-e02178d84658"><span>Oh Bok-Hee called Han Sun-Myung and Yang Sung-Taek to the monitoring tent.</span></p><p data-uid="c817450e-f252-4cc5-9151-869d71b75d8b"><span>Moments later, Han Sun-Myung and Yang Sung-Taek approached her hesitantly. They both had dark circles under their eyes, likely from not sleeping at all last night.</span></p><p data-uid="ab0d311d-d021-48dd-bcd9-22c26582c99d"><span>However, Oh Bok-Hee didn't hold back and began to hurl harsh words at them. "I've dealt with all kinds of punks on set, but this is the first time I've seen a perpetrator pretending to be a victim. <em>Hah</em>… hey, Han Sun-Myung. You've lost your mind, haven't you?"</span></p><p data-uid="fbef2608-25f5-41dc-80f5-564e449e04a6"><span>"M-Mrs. Oh, I'm not that person, H."</span></p><p data-uid="d2762858-d543-4a8b-86f8-bd175adb4534"><span>"What do you mean you're not!? All the articles from yesterday and today have your photo! Wow, this guy's unbelievable. Do you think I'm a fool?" Oh Bok-Hee's voice rang sharply through the tent.</span></p><p data-uid="b36bd313-6ca8-4b4a-861c-138a9e3502ca"><span>Reporters waiting in a corner of the set scoffed at Han Sun-Myung's excuse.</span></p><p data-uid="0869900a-ca62-46cf-ae9a-dbfb8e8f4a62"><span>-What a lunatic.</span></p><p data-uid="d0dd6933-a78b-4abb-80e5-04cfaab69b56"><span>-<em>Ugh</em>~ I must've been out of my mind to write an article believing that guy.</span></p><p data-uid="e0998097-de2e-48dd-873c-55f3cdc9c722"><span>-What's our editor thinking, telling us to write in support of a guy like that?</span></p><p data-uid="b5b0015f-1dbb-4190-abf3-1542d6d0197f"><span>-Hey, my article's blowing up with hate comments. They're calling me a trashporter again. That's the twelfth time just this year.</span></p><p data-uid="7db7fc80-f336-4592-b305-4b3097910625"><span>-Moments like this make me want to quit being an entertainment reporter for good.</span></p><p data-uid="21faf62a-4557-4eff-8e02-ad990c89a938"><span>-Didn't I tell you? When it comes to Chief Jung's actors, double and triple-check before touching the story. That guy never picks a losing fight.</span></p><p data-uid="422be399-d12d-4c35-98a0-ab94440d10da"><span>-<em>Ugh</em>, how was I supposed to know this would happen?</span></p><p data-uid="e60d32d7-b523-4035-8031-d956159a1e3d"><span>-And that's why you're stuck where you are. With instincts like that, how can you even be a reporter? I ignored all our editor's orders. I didn't want to mess with Chief Jung.</span></p><p data-uid="a2096741-d0bd-41b9-9988-ddc8405c76e8"><span>As the reporters chatted animatedly, Oh Bok-Hee turned to Yang Sung-Taek. "Oh, and you, Chief Yang."</span></p><p data-uid="2f8637e9-fcd8-42d0-b4b4-fefbbd9a9cc8"><span>Already shriveled from all the scolding, Yang Sung-Taek quickly bowed his head....</span></p>