---
title: "Chapter 360: Gift (2)"
weight: 360
---
<p data-uid="d15aab09-1beb-4a7e-bd2e-70200954a5fb"><span>Despite being a deputy secretary in Shenzhen, Wang Min had to carefully consider his approach when dealing with someone as powerful as Jiang Wei.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="0015c81d-45ff-48df-a100-cb7dee079ece"><span>Nonetheless, he eventually decided to stand by me—his son's savior.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="65e5caaf-d8dd-48f4-94f0-f2cb6540b22f"><span>Li Kejun nodded in agreement. "A true friend is someone who sticks by you during difficult times."</span></p><p data-uid="772b1ee2-47c8-446a-89ff-9c78cb36837d"><span>At that moment, I let out a sigh of relief without realizing it.</span></p><p data-uid="d1997bfc-e2b4-4d90-83b9-ab46b597cea8"><span>"President Jiang Wei is part of the Beijing faction while we belong to the Shanghai faction. In that sense, we're already rivals. I can't confront him head-on, but I can certainly keep him in check."</span></p><p data-uid="50f6a67d-a851-4637-901a-08bd17a152f1"><span>The two assured me that while they couldn't prevent Jiang Wei's activities completely, they could stop him from directly targeting me. They mentioned that if they stirred enough trouble in China, Jiang Wei would be too distracted to focus on Korea for a while.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="e4694a77-73f4-4988-bdc2-8964b491d978"><span>However, Wang Min also cautioned that completely cutting off financial support to Kim Dong-Soo wasn't feasible, as money always had a way of reaching its target, no matter the obstacles.</span></p><p data-uid="87f140be-f920-403d-b724-2f75fe60f378"><span>Li Kejun added with a smile, "But if the Party gets involved, the funds President Jiang Wei is sending to Korea could be reduced to a tenth. So don't worry too much."</span></p><p data-uid="a0fb940b-044e-41a3-a651-6dd09ac36914"><span>It wasn't perfect, but it was more than satisfactory. After all, I would know the next steps by checking my planner.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="d0219dd1-7655-4b2b-a7d7-3cf548f75de9"><span>I couldn't hide my delight as I responded, "That's more than enough. Thank you, Mr. Wang Min."</span></p><p data-uid="ed79f714-6f0a-44fe-afe5-8d935a34fd5c"><span>Wang Min chuckled and corrected me. "<em>Haha. </em>Didn't I tell you to call me 'Father'? I've heard that's what you call a friend's father in Korea, isn't it?"</span></p><p data-uid="f52c244f-9687-4e0f-bdd6-b190c2568fb2"><span>Feeling slightly awkward, I scratched my head and replied, "Yes,...</span></p>