---
title: "Chapter 319: Beyond The Boundary Screening (1)"
weight: 319
---
<p data-uid="b6f872e9-ae91-4bd7-8ec3-f3390ea8365f"><span>Jo Jae-Kyung was the only son of Son Yung-Im, the fifth child of the honorary president of CK Inc.</span></p><p data-uid="cfbe508c-412a-4999-a674-ce86f873c3d2"><span>As a fourth-generation chaebol and a film director, Jo Jae-Kyung received the Grand Prize at a domestic film festival with his movie </span><em><span>Sang-Hee's Daily Life </span></em><span>at the young age of 25.</span></p><p data-uid="5a188694-694f-467d-8315-b79fb0a1b9e3"><span>From that moment on, Jo Jae-Kyung became the center of attention in the Korean film industry.</span></p><p data-uid="e1967401-c8f9-4b35-843d-02de2293b729"><span>When he was exempted from military service, he immediately went to study abroad in the U.S. where he achieved further success.</span></p><p data-uid="488b4dd2-4671-4738-bc3a-5f9a57e44c27"><span>While studying abroad, he won the Best Screenplay Award at just 26 years old in the competitive segment at the Berlin Film Festival with </span><em><span>Miss YOU! Ms. KIM!,</span></em><span> a film invested in by CK Entertainment.</span></p><p data-uid="baed1df6-e589-436c-88f1-be1a7e5789ad"><span>From that day on, he was hailed as a genius director.</span></p><p data-uid="0d0f0227-09c4-40c1-9310-3d48203380d8"><span>Having turned 27 years old this year, his popularity rivaled that of celebrities with his good looks and solid family background.</span></p><p data-uid="18cbe40d-379f-4b79-8668-9ba7162373e5"><span>However, I was tangled in a bitter relationship with Jo Jae-Kyung.</span></p><p data-uid="60622e34-17cb-4c91-b156-e36cfa0b1c57"><span>Born into a chaebol family and brimming with talent, he was used to throwing his weight around—and being a film director further fueled his sense of entitlement.</span></p><p data-uid="ab1e9f47-13bb-431d-ae56-9b198250bb93"><span>If the writer was the king of dramas, the director was the king of movies.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="dd9a1972-12aa-4f08-9ea5-f0dfcdd191f8"><span>On set, he treated actors like his subordinates and used celebrities' talent agents as if they were his personal servants. It was common for him to hit talent agents if he was displeased or to change schedules at will.</span></p><p data-uid="c6c73776-6069-48b3-9061-77301e3013d0"><span>He would even send talent agents...</span></p>