---
title: "Chapter 792: Youth, Once Again! (1)"
weight: 792
---
<p data-uid="cdcf4a21-165b-4fb1-b179-29ca6f90caad"><span>"I want to give this song to Hyun-Ji unnie."</span></p><p data-uid="7717ab4b-6767-4865-b97c-524638673bfa"><span>The Hyun-Ji unnie that Lee Mal-Soon referred to was Kim Hyun-Ji—my singer Kang Ha-Na's mother.</span></p><p data-uid="a8b2fd62-a2e8-4664-8bdb-472430d52339"><span>In her younger days, Kim Hyun-Ji had performed only on nightclub stages as a Kim Hyun-Ja impersonator, once a superstar in the trot scene. Back then, she had a sisterly bond with Lee Mal-Soon.</span></p><p data-uid="8f52eb78-964e-41c2-9621-1eb3d1ed01c9"><span>I exclaimed, "Ah..."</span></p><p data-uid="79c8be79-ca69-4737-bf49-8274320d8ba6"><span>"Chief Jung, you promised me, remember? That you'd help Hyun-Ji unnie make a comeback? So I want this song to go to her."</span></p><p data-uid="d9d00322-7c9c-4b1c-84b6-0b01e63dce29"><span>If Kang Ha-Na's mother ended up singing this song, it would change everything I knew about the future.</span></p><p data-uid="bdba1aa7-9038-4d08-a7d5-dff557149d6a"><span>Even if a strong trot song had the power to turn a nobody into a star, the profits were vastly different when someone like Lee Mal-Soon—called the queen of trot—sang it, compared to someone like Kang Ha-Na's mother.</span></p><p data-uid="c3f4f731-020b-46d7-b014-8984b4a3ac81"><span>"Chief Jung, please. I'm asking you. With this song, her fate is bound to change. I really want Hyun-Ji unnie to sing this."</span></p><p data-uid="63095324-e336-4f7e-9df0-41caf609a93e"><span>I couldn't give her an answer easily. An S-class trot song could earn around ten billion won a year just from performances and events. Even if it wasn't quite that much, the composer and arranger would still receive substantial income.</span></p><p data-uid="bdda82a0-6fd8-4daf-9453-605608b0da5c"><span>In short, the singer directly affected the composers' earnings.</span></p><p data-uid="eca82b31-5d19-4737-9017-138f61974c71"><span>So I looked at the original composers Han Hye-Jung and Yoon Sae-Yeon, and the arranger Bang Seon-Woo, to ask their thoughts.</span></p><p data-uid="1bc90a93-219f-470c-9b77-d64c003750db"><span>"What do you think, everyone?"</span></p><p data-uid="d5fca08e-a57d-45d6-912b-5e8b83778518"><span>To my surprise, all three readily said they would respect Lee Mal-Soon's wishes.</span></p><p data-uid="0c41cbca-98bf-412c-9865-23ccc4fcab1e"><span>"Yes, ma'am. We'll go along with your decision."</span></p><p data-uid="3b7de8d8-e3d8-4b43-99ee-b3e78bfd82b6"><span>"Yes, same here. Of course, it'd be ideal if you sang it, but if not, we're okay...</span></p>