---
title: "Chapter 564: Karma (2)"
weight: 564
---
<p data-uid="10bdfc00-ff2e-4e2f-9864-887577ffbe09"><span>Han Yoo-Sik, who was formerly an executive director at KBC, ended up leaving the company due to Park Chan-Sik's scheme, but still harbored affection for KBC.</span></p><p data-uid="dcfb0f81-0afb-4f41-b2c1-967e16d3b0fc"><span>It was where he had spent his entire career, and many of the hoobaes who had followed him remained in the Programming and Drama departments.</span></p><p data-uid="687e97a0-adb0-428f-8258-b6f0d2175e0e"><span>In the end, Han Yoo-Sik suppressed his resentment and quietly resigned, using his severance pay to establish a drama production company called Mirinae.</span></p><p data-uid="6bebeec4-2186-4a61-9ebf-55df09536569"><span>After that, Han Yoo-Sik visited Park Chan-Sik, who had pushed him out, to request reconciliation. He said he didn't want to see KBC divided and proposed they avoid causing harm to each other. Park Chan-Sik reluctantly agreed to Han Yoo-Sik's gentlemanly truce offer.</span></p><p data-uid="c12371cb-b236-4838-a98d-4d684e650f4c"><span>Han Yoo-Sik then began producing <em>Haze</em>, and the script was finally completed after two years. He met with Director Oh Han-Guk, who was aligned with him, and set the tentative broadcast date between May and August of this year.</span></p><p data-uid="efe4796f-98ab-4a6d-8988-f74013642842"><span>However, a week ago after <em>Hwaranjeon </em>and <em>Queen Jeong-Hee</em> clashed over preview viewership ratings, Park Chan-Sik made a move. When<em> Queen Jeong-Hee</em> started to fall behind<em> Hwaranjeon</em>, Park Chan-Sik, feeling that his reappointment was at risk, began undermining his rivals.</span></p><p data-uid="ef994041-694d-4f06-a3c9-c9e28ba84bb4"><span>As a result, the scheduling for<em> Haze</em> was canceled. With the sudden cancellation, Mirinae, which was supposed to receive ten billion won from the network, faced severe financial hardship. They had already rented additional equipment and assembled a production team, expecting the show to air.</span></p><p data-uid="a4447c12-4283-4260-aad9-ee6d9366d6c3"><span>The shocked Han Yoo-Sik tried to secure a slot with other networks, but was rejected by all. With <em>Hwaranjeon </em>and <em>Queen...</em></span></p>