---
title: "Chapter 781: The Price Of Arrogance (4)"
weight: 781
---
<p data-uid="3b338334-8e85-4ae2-8b87-b37203126213"><span>"Mr. Jung is right... I was the one who asked my dad to come that day."</span></p><p data-uid="2d47bfc0-2873-4faf-aa01-4ee7c6f7fd74"><span>Go Eun-Seo shut her eyes tight as she admitted she had called her father herself.</span></p><p data-uid="a56bb28d-97bf-4fbc-9790-1624bf3d4702"><span>'<em>That's unexpected</em>.'</span></p><p data-uid="b1131aaa-edaf-4901-a71f-c5ba3987d677"><span>She wasn't the Go Eun-Seo I had known before the regression. A simple lie would have earned her a huge advantage, yet she gave it up so easily.</span></p><p data-uid="556bf410-21de-4311-bfb2-5467d0615e69"><span>As I watched in quiet surprise, the flustered Variety Department Head Park Han-Jong hurried to persuade Go Eun-Seo. "No, Eun-Seo. If you say that, we'll have no choice but to deduct points. Memories can be… unreliable, right? Think again, carefully."</span></p><p data-uid="074ce414-c43e-4b25-bf86-83ac75f3a8ce"><span>It was absurd to hear him blatantly urge her to lie about something that had happened just a week ago.</span></p><p data-uid="42a5a097-3142-45a4-b6dc-af29de9d19aa"><span>Embarrassed, Go Eun-Seo suddenly shouted, "I'm telling you, I did it!!"</span></p><p data-uid="4d52a9cf-43f1-455d-9588-12de46d37ebe"><span>'<em>She still hadn't completely shed her prickly nature, I see.</em>'</span></p><p data-uid="f1c9df6d-c6f7-42af-9e3f-ca4619e0af6f"><span>Realizing how loudly she had just yelled, Go Eun-Seo glanced at me nervously. "I'm sorry for raising my voice…"</span></p><p data-uid="1b8981f2-9f90-469f-80e1-60083d5c8ffe"><span>I appreciated Go Eun-Seo's honesty, but this was a time when even small missteps needed to be corrected before they became habits. So I didn't let it slide.</span></p><p data-uid="30365049-4125-4592-ae33-20e22883c4d8"><span>"Don't look at me. You need to apologize to Mr. Park!"</span></p><p data-uid="6958f2bc-239b-49de-a038-0a9ed7dd29fd"><span>Go Eun-Seo straightened her posture and bowed to Park Han-Jong at a full ninety degrees. "I'm sorry. I got flustered and spoke too harshly."</span></p><p data-uid="0ef7f893-ee2a-4d76-9e46-28f68f7f23b6"><span>As Go Eun-Seo's tone tamed from the earlier outburst, her apology caught Park Han-Jong off guard. "N-No, it's… it's understandable."</span></p><p data-uid="0fc88b2b-b3a4-415b-ae6e-1d6fa73a292f"><span>"But I don't want my score changed either. If you get a hold of my dad, please tell him I'd rather he didn't come again."</span></p><p data-uid="08c1153f-c23d-436c-9353-d87dc6f67561"><span>During the <em>Project I.O.A </em>program, unless it was a health emergency, the kids at the dorms weren't allowed any outside contact.</span></p><p data-uid="659b02c8-c158-454f-a597-7fe5e5d5ca39"><span>Speaking to Park Han-Jong about her intention, Go Eun-Seo straightened her back and spoke with confidence. "Then may I be excused? I need...</span></p>