---
title: "Chapter 18: First Broadcast"
weight: 18
---
<p data-uid="fcc2a588-4284-4170-8b3c-323c3cd56f86">“Mr. Jung. I heard you were in the first year of your career.”</p><p data-uid="bba5c76a-9d6d-467c-86f0-a5a9f071cefa">“Yes, It’s been a year.”</p><p data-uid="13da3732-9d4a-4d23-81ac-daeaa1183d05">“But how do you know about things like writer’s recommendations?”</p><p data-uid="e8745134-cdb4-4366-8c66-da599dd099c6">I silently answered Kim Soll-Ip’s question in my mind.</p><p data-uid="ccda69fa-e1e0-4ad6-8927-c01fb72d0fe7">‘<em>Because I went back in time.</em>’</p><p data-uid="07fc2920-d599-44b3-ba98-4fb6b75497ad">The truth was, a writer’s recommendation wasn’t anything special. Casting in a drama was decided by the production company, the PD, and the writer. Though lead roles were usually influenced by the investors and broadcasting companies, a writer could, at the very least, decide who to cast for a role or two for supporting characters without auditions.</p><p data-uid="421ee91e-bbb6-4993-b8e0-0235e8a6e6dd">Someone as influential as Lee Ji-Yeon could even push to cast a certain actor for the lead role, but she was an exception.</p><p data-uid="3cd2e7f2-a756-44bf-bb2b-b549c60de57c">In any case, that was what a writer’s recommendation meant.</p><p data-uid="5a8d239a-7bea-416f-b854-0f02c20584c4">Kim Soll-Ip, with her round face and large gold-framed glasses, stared at me for a moment before speaking.</p><p data-uid="9b20a2d9-045f-4319-889c-5f145da8f427">“I can’t make any promises. But once I get into production, I’ll…I’ll try my best. How does that sound?”</p><p data-uid="8a7ec3be-809b-4815-a2ab-f9f3372897b5">“That sounds great. Thank you so much.”</p><p data-uid="99480ed4-69a7-4a10-89fd-b52ba51b689d">It was best to stop pushing Kim Soll-Ip any further.</p><p data-uid="c0a28207-602a-490d-a138-3e3415146daf">Given Yoo-Jin’s acting skills, having the writer express interest in her would be enough to get her casted. Moreover, expecting a firm commitment from Kim Soll-Ip was unrealistic considering her character.</p><p data-uid="74d83a54-9ad3-4bc6-8691-681a74adc9df">When I answered, Kim Soll-Ip began to pressure me this time.</p><p data-uid="416a76ae-4a8c-4b19-bffa-b46ee5842403">“Now, tell me. You’re making me crazy! How did you find out I’m Bluebird?”</p><p data-uid="bbe06363-ec96-415d-90dd-429efe21b1de">Facing an impatient Kim Soll-Ip, I shared with her a fact that I had learned from the ‘Celebrity Everywhere’ news before I went back in time.</p><p data-uid="23259895-5f35-4858-96dc-24ea0f53ba13">“You disclosed your email when you had a magazine interview with Ms. Lee, right? I noticed how it matched Bluebird’s email.”</p><p data-uid="296da33d-94b5-4439-bbda-5e9ac0a95006">Kim Soll-Ip’s jaw dropped in surprise.</p><p data-uid="e81ca562-cadf-4e12-be2c-3e0840d102b4">“Wow. You are really observant. You noticed that? But it would have been printed in such a tiny font in the magazine!”</p><p data-uid="53f0c28d-fce3-447a-bbf7-3fb161524994">Looking dumbfounded, Kim Soll-Ip let out a sigh.</p><p data-uid="a6038e9a-94ab-4083-957e-647844b7bb9c">“This is unbelievable. Please, never mention that work anywhere else! I might just lose my sanity if that gets out.”</p><p data-uid="eb7453ef-b087-4cb7-b9e0-7278043ff8a6">The moment Kim Soll-Ip glared at me with folded arms, I instinctively nodded in agreement. After all, writers were known to be very stubborn people.</p><p data-uid="f70f952c-fcf1-4226-a09c-10ae66f6d089">“Oh, of course, Ms. Kim.”</p><p data-uid="c195c557-65c5-4bb7-bb0d-9efc71440960">Her warning held more dread than the possibility of her not casting Yoo-Jin in her drama. She might even end up casting Yoo-Jin and then working her to the bone if I ever disclosed her identity as Bluebird.</p><p data-uid="0c05f50e-3edd-42c0-a0c3-6404c9999de0">‘<em>Or perhaps, she might even have Yoo-Jin’s character go bald.</em>’</p><p data-uid="5dd97ada-9a2a-4fb0-b8ea-d8be3042bb6c">In fact, there was one such writer who did that to one of the actors, and that writer would be Lee Ji-Yeon.</p><p data-uid="4d726209-d8c1-47d8-b1d0-1d8d727453e3">With an awkward smile, I bid farewell to Kim Soll-Ip.</p><p data-uid="1e65fcbb-a545-4d6e-9406-7a9206aeacee">Then, I opened the page of the planner containing the revelation that Kim Soll-Ip was Bluebird.</p><p data-uid="d3cdf9cc-1f91-432b-8d11-dceb13c1538a"></p><p data-uid="b2d905d2-3b6f-4958-a915-37c47ec90a80">[Everyday V10]</p><p data-uid="695ae18a-a9b5-48b1-b3ea-70f1c73ce660">[Date: July 3rd, 2020]</p><p data-uid="b47cf2f0-89c1-483f-9953-e11fb4ed42ca">-10:00 PM &lt;Deleted Schedule&gt;</p><p data-uid="170b53b3-7194-4bd6-bf8e-6ec53e30e39c">(Deleted Schedule: &lt;Celebrity Everywhere&gt;, unveiling the actual first work of the popular writer, Kim Soll-Ip.)</p><p data-uid="7e5c579a-8f6c-46cb-9c25-5918360a4b4d"></p><p data-uid="f6ac6e03-bbfc-4c93-99a7-eabda844233f"><em>‘Ah. She must have deleted her email.</em>’</p><p data-uid="519a15e9-b76e-4747-9476-c03f0920186c">In any case, the odds of Yoo-Jin getting into Kim Soll-Ip’s debut drama increased.</p><p data-uid="6c08c08e-9574-46bc-9f80-6db981d8ce27">Then, I picked up my phone once again as there was still another issue left to be addressed on the site.</p><p data-uid="365372a1-8772-4642-b423-b8e0992c0453" style="text-align: center">***</p><p data-uid="41aec03f-2a1e-4674-98b5-539c9c4022c3">“Mr. Ma. Are you really going to just stand by and watch? We need to do something!”</p><p data-uid="ed765eb4-90f8-4a63-9d1a-86b067f4b0b3">Park Eun-Bin trembled angrily as she watched Jung Yoo-Jin engrossed in her acting.</p><p data-uid="6e444785-8bd6-4c20-a0a9-c8a3eca1fb90">Park Eun-Bin, the leader of the top-tier girl group Petite More who attained the top spot right after their debut, had enjoyed an impeccable career till now. It was only natural for her to take this situation as an insult.</p><p data-uid="517dc150-c949-44d2-ad09-10357f95950e">Even after a tearful display in front of her fans, things had not gone her way.</p><p data-uid="b9bfaace-3ef8-45bc-a44e-a97501d877ff">She was embarrassed that Kim Myung-Hak did not even acknowledge her greetings.</p><p data-uid="49992e54-cc91-4515-98a7-4c579a856e4e">“Hey! Just wait a moment. I’m on the phone with the president right now.”</p><p data-uid="286f4fc8-f3bb-4c8f-9654-2db87f74bbc7">Ma Dong-Pal frowned as he relayed the on-site situation to Kim Tae-Kwon, the president of TK Entertainment.</p><p data-uid="db28a879-b186-4883-8ca2-cac35a76cd7a"><em>Static.</em></p><p data-uid="c67b26e4-b780-458d-a7d3-c9014b94b6c3">Ma Dong-Pal’s expression remained serious after ending the call.</p><p data-uid="aa855493-6a43-4f6c-9b44-6bcc517d0761">“The president said he spoke with the president of the MBS Drama Department.”</p><p data-uid="90955571-f6cf-4a1a-8b63-4d221cd0cc2b">“So? Is there a chance of things reverting back to normal?”</p><p data-uid="85102c7a-db0c-4bc7-ab4d-4a52d9189ddc">A glimmer of hope was evident on Park Eun-Bin’s face, but Ma Dong-Pal vigorously shook his head.</p><p data-uid="0ec5455e-78bc-4274-b046-24c4fd981f66">“It’s over. Lee Ji-Yeon submitted an extended two-episode script and Kim Gyuk-Shik drew a hard line, refusing any negotiations.</p><p data-uid="d2a364db-e023-4a7a-9072-3fba83d1ee3e">“What!? How can this be, considering the amount we’ve invested!”</p><p data-uid="d422128d-34f8-46ec-97fd-27a9923c118e">“When I mentioned the production support funds to him, he said he’d return the money. What else could I say?”</p><p data-uid="d7c9f5b6-f429-4fd5-84c0-25f1146fe06a">Park Eun-Bin shuddered at Ma Dong-Pal’s bitter response.</p><p data-uid="d24637a5-d418-4d15-a07b-b7933b6261ea">“So you’re saying I should just bow down to that dough face? Me? The renowned Park Eun-Bin?”</p><p data-uid="33ba7157-6160-478e-9495-3d7b5c1c8fd2">“Well, in exchange, he gave us the lead role in another writer’s upcoming work. He told me not to upset Lee Ji-Yeon because the other actors might get affected as well.”</p><p data-uid="c72345b5-1bbb-401c-bcd1-e2462f95a7cc">Finding it hard to accept reality, Park Eun-Bin began to glare at Ma Dong-Pal.</p><p data-uid="a42ffd4f-4a59-471a-86fa-fa90b6f0814d">“Mr. Ma. You realize I have only one year left on my contract, right?”</p><p data-uid="52dc7560-b5af-44de-bcda-353fc061e855">“Yes, I know.”</p><p data-uid="b865a38c-8158-4e49-a7b9-0f1d4387b8fb">“If you know… please take better care of me.”</p><p data-uid="a195cf19-fe95-41ce-b52f-59c38f32c7d4">Ma Dong-Pal’s face twitched. His ego was as equally bruised as that of Park Eun-Bin.</p><p data-uid="fcd62200-6e3f-476b-8ab3-adc1e35b37c1">“When has the company ever been neglectful of you, Eun-Bin?”</p><p data-uid="9a8c0704-ee0c-4678-ba9c-73c2cc500bdc">Park Eun-Bin didn’t respond.</p><p data-uid="95b1d832-62c4-42bb-8a1e-705e9234403c">“Don’t worry. I won’t let this go easily. Just watch.”</p><p data-uid="b4c56aec-9704-4a24-9864-bf2d6fedfe85">Park Eun-Bin knew better than anyone that Ma Dong-Pal always stood by his word.</p><p data-uid="38ffeb87-47ff-4c69-9406-5f1844d553ba">Only then did Park Eun-Bin smile in satisfaction.</p><p data-uid="02dbc759-0bd6-4b70-a0e2-777d6223a5cd">“Okay, Mr. Ma.”</p><p data-uid="e7fd7561-fcfa-4215-82aa-5d2825aa8b38" style="text-align: center">***</p><p data-uid="3b8abc07-c2ca-43c4-9a1f-541c95e4b0bf">“Good job.”</p><p data-uid="4d375f44-9f94-4548-b48c-3e22755229d0">Upon reporting the on-site situation, Kang Ji-Yung rushed over to the set herself.</p><p data-uid="d58af410-2175-45ce-8d64-9a5bf90ed513">Today, she wore not Channy, but a black line suit from Labelle, a boutique French brand. The suit was made of black silk with a faintly embroidered lilac azalea flower in bloom.</p><p data-uid="0208e32f-7962-4e19-8fa3-cd8026779743">‘<em>Damn. That must’ve been very expensive.</em>’</p><p data-uid="fa43d5bf-25ae-45ca-a4ac-ae6c357f6449">As expected, Kang Ji-Yung was rich.</p><p data-uid="a3a2f449-c399-4117-83d1-8f2823e2e61d">“Great work, both of you.”</p><p data-uid="ddf958c2-b747-437b-9a07-21ddc02cd0a4">Gu Seong-Cheol came along with Kang Ji-Yung, wearing a proud fatherly smile as he patted our shoulders.</p><p data-uid="cdd9c08a-00cc-42b7-a905-2bb20ac32a00">“Team Lead Oh, Star Jung. Both of you did great.”</p><p data-uid="1cf6a46a-075e-4f83-ad3c-8edba57cd559">He thanked Oh Duk-Gu and me for our efficient on-site response which allowed the issue to be resolved quickly. He even praised us for handling the situation neatly.</p><p data-uid="4d1e4441-1273-4770-8ee9-2f57bfacb622">At that moment, Oh Duk-Gu seemed to have remembered something and praised Yoo-Jin’s acting.</p><p data-uid="fc2e50e3-bd5f-4620-98d1-3bfe78de265c">‘<em>Right. Come to think of it, Yoo-Jin’s training issue was also on the line here.</em>’</p><p data-uid="318be418-4c17-4b32-a7c2-de720ff210fb">“Mr. Gu, what Yoon-Ho saw in Yoo-Jin was right. Yoo-Jin is better off practicing her acting alone without lessons. Frankly, I wonder if the coach has anything to teach her. It was like watching the golden days of renowned actress Choi Eun-Jin.”</p><p data-uid="d63d1de0-7c0d-4310-992e-a0e324b8e478">Oh Duk-Gu made a fuss, saying Yoo-Jin’s acting was comparable to the top actress, Choi Eun-Jin, who had forty-five years of acting experience.</p><p data-uid="fb78a695-b3ce-4006-8ae4-0f60d825c54f">When Gu Seong-Cheol laughed, Oh Duk-Gu made a frustrated look.</p><p data-uid="2c44781a-9ac1-4c57-8807-852926b18f0d">“I’m serious. The on-site staff were captivated by her acting.”</p><p data-uid="c53ec8d6-a47e-44ba-ac59-8b2f2b93687a">Then, Gu Seong-Cheol raised his hand to interrupt Oh Duk-Gu.</p><p data-uid="bd13a134-db6b-4437-b8ae-6cf3da6bd8f1">“I know—although I wasn’t here to see it.”</p><p data-uid="665be04f-11da-493a-a9a3-bdde5865c21f">“Huh?”</p><p data-uid="84d6b5f4-2dbe-42b7-80b9-f599065916ca">“I can tell from looking at Ms. Lee Ji-Yeon and PD Jang laughing like that.”</p><p data-uid="4571af63-03f7-4c09-8e5a-55127e62d796">Gu Seong-Cheol pointed to Jang Tae-Shik, who was singing praises of Yoo-Jin.</p><p data-uid="ed6e0ad4-1fd3-4c44-8eb7-671bc92ae68c">“Cut~! Wow~. Fantastic~! Miss Eun-Yung, Miss Yoo-Jin, that was amazing. But could you go straight to scene 286? If yes, let’s roll it in one take.”</p><p data-uid="ed8c0614-4fa0-45af-adae-0b9a2f66960d">Yoo-Jin and Choi Eun-Yung whispered among themselves for a moment and formed an “Okay” sign with their arms.</p><p data-uid="22aecd2c-908f-41b6-a282-791c53dc4f7c">“Alright, let’s shoot right away then after adjusting the lighting. Ms. Lee. Is that okay with you?”</p><p data-uid="44408bd4-7b8a-443a-bba5-bebe78a71039">“Why are you asking me? It’s the PD’s role to handle the direction on site.”</p><p data-uid="7ee21459-f1c6-49a7-8fb5-3ba91d276e0d">“<em>Haha</em>, you are right.”</p><p data-uid="cb7353ff-4030-4ea3-9876-2af626225f58">Finally seeing the scene going well, Lee Ji-Yeon smiled. Jang Tae-Shik was swiftly managing the chaotic situation and continuing the shoot.</p><p data-uid="846cb0ee-507e-4336-be93-6fcd2ab4a4a4">“Alright! I’ll treat everyone to BBQ tonight if we finish up to scene 300 before sunset! Those who want to empty my wallet, give your best! If not, just slack off!”</p><p data-uid="92f46d9e-077a-4f3b-9496-3b1dc872f819">The staff burst into loud laughter.</p><p data-uid="434e3936-a339-42db-8e03-9bb0de22c72c">Jang Tae-Shik’s vibrant presence at the scene was undoubtedly fitting for someone who would become one of the leading star PDs of MBS.</p><p data-uid="48ef4376-1084-47f4-8419-2a5c8303f77b">Seeing Lee Ji-Yeon’s satisfied expression, Kim Myung-Hak was also broadly smiling nonstop.</p><p data-uid="03147ecd-7395-4af4-a552-f06bda9f3d9a">Taking in the whole scene, Kang Ji-Yung opened her mouth.</p><p data-uid="8709cc5a-5877-4745-a975-0682da7fd955">“Both of you, wait here. I’ll be back soon after greeting Mr. Kim and Ms. Lee.”</p><p data-uid="c15ebc50-bf0b-4d6f-a0f6-ca78fac5cd9d">Knowing I had the support of a family-like team from Division 2 and the competent Kang Ji-Yung, my heart felt at ease.</p><p data-uid="c3706faf-f00a-4d82-94e3-4e456f72b83c">But then a question arose—with such competent people around, how did Hoop Entertainment crumble under the inexperienced Kim Dong-Soo? Where did it all go wrong?</p><p data-uid="00e9fec2-2b1d-490d-8739-781e0b95c2b4">When I left the company with Kim Dong-Soo in my past life, I was unaware of the company’s detailed circumstances as I was only a newbie.</p><p data-uid="f2ffb050-b877-4553-b803-1cf041c803c9">It seemed like I would need to investigate each matter and uncover the clues.</p><p data-uid="417a009e-d0e2-4f1f-9e09-8dde50060ab7">At that moment, my phone rang and I received a KkTalk message.</p><p data-uid="ba78ed97-a2e2-4a5b-b830-9a5b8ccec676"><em>Ding!</em></p><p data-uid="546b1cb2-ca60-4675-95e5-ae3e9abc71c0"></p><p data-uid="32cf2c0d-6084-4da8-8d13-9fcebc54d855">[Assistant Manager Jung Sung-Ah (Finance Division): Mr. Jung. a 2 million won bonus has been deposited into your account.]</p><p data-uid="6d14a0b7-6084-4a7e-8e24-a06dc0b4fc68"></p><p data-uid="5fcd120e-4422-463d-b2ac-4361f46cd542">‘<em>Huh? A sudden bonus?</em>’</p><p data-uid="e7377eff-a729-4701-a51a-922b9c01eae4"></p><p data-uid="e2cf41cb-7087-4aa0-b93d-20bd10870e9c">[Talent Agent Jung Yoon-Ho: Ms. Jung. Why the sudden bonus?]</p><p data-uid="af2bf13a-9f75-421f-b522-11c30df72c5c">[Assistant Manager Jung Sung-Ah (Finance Division): Ms. Kang said to send 1 million won for the previous matter and another 1 million won for today.]</p><p data-uid="9031d541-7deb-4ab5-8c58-b65afe033910"></p><p data-uid="e732a372-1790-4f19-b2d0-a7bb64dcd07f">Jung Sung-Ah explained that it was a bonus in recognition of my outstanding work performance. I understood the bonus for today since I had managed the situation on-site well today, but couldn’t understand why she gave me a bonus for the previous matter.</p><p data-uid="15e60eb5-f1c6-4e91-91e3-3f8cf885bb20"><em>‘Could it be that she kept her promise to give me a bonus when she was drunk?</em>’</p><p data-uid="19fbfba6-a420-494b-bc41-768716bf421e">Kang Ji-Yung’s favor was making me love Hoop Entertainment even more.</p><p data-uid="8ad2a1b1-3767-4fda-8656-c3a67accdeb3">‘<em>I wish she’d give me this kind of bonus more often so I can buy some stickers, snacks, and clothes for Miso.</em>’</p><p data-uid="7a2abdc7-b7f5-46cb-9b67-d8f456ae83ab" style="text-align: center">***</p><p data-uid="613c9778-4624-4abd-b236-06f958e491db">After wrapping up the shoot, Kang Ji-Yung proposed a dinner party for the entire drama production company. There was a three-hour dinner with the filming crew after the shoot, followed by a second round just for Hoop Entertainment’s staff.</p><p data-uid="e6a3d314-8884-4c09-8f16-702db58ebe73">It was during this celebration that I witnessed the formidable drinking habits of Kang Ji-Yung, who was dubbed ‘barrel’ due to her capacity to consume a whole barrel of alcohol on her own once she started drinking.</p><p data-uid="a5086ae9-3234-4b41-8d67-5a709fc84629">“Hey, Star Jung. Why are you taking small sips only? Be a man! Come on, let’s cheers! Drink up! Drink!”</p><p data-uid="c7a63956-0cc7-4556-93f5-73cb6ce12cf4">Kang Ji-Yung played traditional Korean beats with a tambourine, laughed, and encouraged me to drink more during the karaoke session.</p><p data-uid="b4465eff-c9f3-4703-9ac0-25622d3263b4">The ratio of the drink she made me was precisely 2 soju to 1 beer.</p><p data-uid="04a8a9f4-8185-45c7-90f9-696109cabef0">The swirling beer foam in the glass seemed to be telling me that I would die if I drank it.</p><p data-uid="d6502717-bcbb-4e7f-8a60-f85463ea296d">When I mentioned to Kang Ji-Yung that it seemed like the ratio for the drink was reversed and maybe she got it wrong, she disagreed and insisted she made it weaker than usual.</p><p data-uid="0157a003-38f5-4f8e-9a20-3c3b60cfd312">“<em>Hahaha.</em> Drink up! You worked hard today, so you totally deserve it~.”</p><p data-uid="daef2772-e592-4ad7-b493-1b93d03c9e05">Having already consumed almost a lethal amount of alcohol, I responded to Kang Ji-Yung’s offer by gagging.</p><p data-uid="aec8112a-4470-469d-98c9-925affaaa733">“<em>Blegh!</em>”</p><p data-uid="b5337ce1-5d51-47fa-bd11-b8d8396c1f9b">Fortunately, Oh Duk-Gu who was beside me quickly handed me a trash can, preventing a major mistake.</p><p data-uid="487e80cd-1cb6-4b2f-a088-27e2a4fb0e38">I almost got fired from the company on the day I received a bonus.</p><p data-uid="540f69f5-8dc0-4d2f-9b91-8083136fb045" style="text-align: center">***</p><p data-uid="7e7d6863-85c5-493a-910a-23d304e0d64b">It was 10:30 PM on December 23rd.</p><p data-uid="f33b8d22-0299-480c-ae6f-4b395f3e16a4">After finishing the shoot for the 24th episode, I headed to Yoo-Jin's home as she suggested watching the first broadcast together.</p><p data-uid="169d455b-bebc-49cf-9314-c0dbb638ea7f">I noticed the gas stove in her house had been replaced with an induction one, and Miso was holding a smartphone with a Powertuff Girl character phone case decorated with a sticker that read ‘Miso Angel ♥ ’.</p><p data-uid="be6d4ce3-bdae-4902-88ae-bedd7e921674">‘<em>Great. I won’t have to worry anymore.</em>’</p><p data-uid="d8996053-fe98-4cd2-a4db-af21183d232f">After saving Miso’s contact, she pulled my hand and led me to sit in front of the TV.</p><p data-uid="785deaf4-8b83-4464-945c-4b3f866d5954">“Uncle Yoon-Ho, over here! The drama is starting!”</p><p data-uid="3fadb6d5-3c44-45a6-89f1-bffde711542b">Miso held out a cushion for me to sit on.</p><p data-uid="7b573c49-07b6-446b-a832-f0e819b7e941">“Okay.”</p><p data-uid="aed1174d-2554-4af0-829c-35ef24fe3409">“Auntie, you sit here.”</p><p data-uid="17b9d59b-f397-43d4-bcf8-2f7e348dca95">“Alright, Miso.”</p><p data-uid="0aad1d82-216e-4e61-9281-d604b0f95d28">With Miso in the middle, I sat on the left and Yoo-Jin on the right as we watched Episode 21 of The Morning Takes Off.</p><p data-uid="f294b7e5-1014-4bb1-b823-9c33c6068a62">It was indeed a well-produced drama, but Park Eun-Bin’s terrible acting stood out to no one’s surprise.</p><p data-uid="dbac52d6-19f9-4053-89a9-40417eb638df">However, in the last five minutes of the episode, the atmosphere of the drama drastically changed the moment Yoo-Jin appeared.</p><p data-uid="59020057-f039-43d5-8370-6cba4e2c673d">Park Eun-Bin, who had been overshadowing the lead actor’s performance with her terrible acting, disappeared and Yoo-Jin took her place.</p><p data-uid="b2ddb50a-d488-4efc-b83c-efa503fc0ca0">Thanks to Yoo-Jin’s ability to adapt and her amazing acting, Choi Eun-Yung’s performance also shone. The genuine chemistry between the actors was evident.</p><p data-uid="c0e0a8dc-282d-4820-aa04-54988e9ac8b3">‘<em>Wait. Yoo-Jin has more screen time than I expected.</em>’</p><p data-uid="82a6be6a-9ca1-4d7c-8e94-1f89f34338bc">She was given not only full shots but also various mid shots and close-up shots. This amount of screen time was almost on par with a supporting lead.</p><p data-uid="e309c07b-e5f4-4fb6-8c54-6b7b30450a1e">“Oppa, why do you look like that? Was my acting too awkward?” Yoo-Jin asked in a worried voice.</p><p data-uid="0a7ddf9e-6737-4274-8a0b-1d1bff28b757">“N-no. You did an amazing job.”</p><p data-uid="88cfc157-fc8b-4d4d-8bd0-ec2076c86d10">“Really?”</p><p data-uid="ea0cbcb2-8dd4-45f8-92c4-66644bb51303">It almost seemed like the production company was giving Yoo-Jin a push.</p><p data-uid="36a47f13-bdf2-4882-98ff-6d7654f9ed0a">‘<em>Could it be that Kim Sung-Woon had something to do with this?</em>’</p><p data-uid="675b1a36-2431-4909-bff2-cd20a11c02a1">Miso, nestled in Yoo-Jin’s arms, stared at the TV without blinking her eyes, then opened her mouth.</p><p data-uid="e91722e1-5c3b-4d2f-9e9a-dff7cbb7efb6">“Auntie, you are the prettiest.”</p><p data-uid="9da4388a-c517-4785-8943-d4da913b44f8">“Am I pretty?”</p><p data-uid="7083d468-3422-442e-a591-fe9c5a8d17ed">“Yes! Yes! You are the prettiest, auntie!”</p><p data-uid="c688d7c9-1b16-4f19-879c-93daa77dfcf1">Yoo-Jin’s face brightened. To her, Miso’s compliment seemed to mean more than a million others.</p><p data-uid="52f66910-f4ff-4333-8a43-ec1e69cd14d0">Soon, the drama ended.</p><p data-uid="127fe54f-57ec-44f1-93b5-be657068b7c0">Yoo-Jin appeared slightly shaken, perhaps from the emotions she felt from watching her own acting for the first time.</p><p data-uid="14e13c4c-c9d4-454d-ae7b-a371ac81647d">“Well? How does it feel watching your own performance?”</p><p data-uid="64c38735-40df-456d-82f3-206d7905e917">“I’m not sure. I feel flustered. And just like you said, I feel like I could become a top actress in the future…”</p><p data-uid="398e8399-1b6b-448f-9208-5512ceeff182">‘<em>That’s her first impression?</em>’</p><p data-uid="85838bbe-0154-4c27-b394-4b1490a590e0">“Just trust me. You’re definitely going to make it big.”</p><p data-uid="ffcb1914-70e0-4cd0-8e4f-31d165dd8ca9">Yoo-Jin smiled and expressed her hope for that to come true.</p><p data-uid="d77a5b98-9d6f-44a5-a81f-070be7867934">At that moment, Miso tugged at Yoo-Jin’s sleeve after looking at her phone.</p><p data-uid="a61427ee-3044-4074-bc71-733601fa9cca">“Auntie, auntie!”</p><p data-uid="f29c8c38-2b16-4ddf-adde-4712cd8e9f63">“What is it, Miso?”</p><p data-uid="c9f65a70-8336-4d61-99dc-6b53f56b1bc1">“What is a live search?”</p><p data-uid="34349326-046f-40fa-bce5-2ad015a1eef9">“Live search?”</p><p data-uid="b8259a93-280b-496e-bcfb-70f71c3a51ce">“Yes! Look here! Right here. It says auntie’s name is in the tenth place of live search!”</p><p data-uid="59953010-8dcc-481d-b4e9-4e5b365bd6ea">I couldn’t hide my surprise when I saw Miso’s phone screen.</p><p data-uid="783c1c39-78ff-4566-946c-4acfd883a912">“Already?”</p><p data-uid="40bffda9-4ab8-4af3-8bfe-ed9fe3e73222">Just like Miso said, Yoo-Jin’s name was in the tenth place of Nave’s live search.</p><p data-uid="9fc5f70e-0db7-49f4-bc7d-88eabb650c7a">However, an unexpected word was attached in front of her name.</p><hr/><blockquote><b>Translator's Thoughts</b></blockquote>