---
title: "Chapter 146: Secretstargem (1)"
weight: 146
---
<p data-uid="8cc53ef0-a079-449e-9342-5f5516314324">[(Breaking News) Writer Lee Ji-Yeon's new drama <em>In the Name of God</em> has switched its production company to Blue Dragon.]</p><p data-uid="f8737002-b8a8-4f85-bd2b-565056c88680">-The drama production company, Red Moon, encountered issues with the production schedule and returned the production rights to MBS. The newly selected production company is Blue Dragon, known for producing <em>Blue Sky</em>.</p><p data-uid="3fb3dddd-250a-4628-92b9-fd9551d4d796">It hadn't been long since I left MBS, but the article was already posted.</p><p data-uid="28829360-0ea7-495e-bade-9c2c1f18b183">Although the president of Red Moon, Lee Sang-Sik, seemed calm during the interview, the entry about the bankruptcy in my planner remained unchanged.</p><p data-uid="ce4884dc-965e-4236-808f-a146cdb999a9">"Goodbye, Lee Sang-Sik."</p><p data-uid="88311044-407d-4f2e-af20-f3a31f07b09d">Feeling relieved, I immediately headed to Lee Ji-Yeon's house.</p><p data-uid="0025c1c8-fdbd-4fa6-9b35-e94ef8f82c63">"I heard the news. You must have had a hard time."</p><p data-uid="4bf2eda0-e335-4957-916c-562acfb0fff1">"Not at all, Ms. Lee."</p><p data-uid="4014d469-00fe-4d8e-b5be-bdc64d9140e5">Lee Ji-Yeon told me to let her know first about any issues from now on.</p><p data-uid="dc70f338-fbc3-4ffb-81e6-690926341f63">"President Choi Sang-Byung, that guy. He has no guts to go against me."</p><p data-uid="23885811-b569-44fd-bfc5-0f0081e6ae9a">"I'm looking forward to working with you, Ms. Lee~."</p><p data-uid="848a37a6-595a-4fdc-a333-1daa1a9e9755">When I mimicked the sycophantic attitude that Kim Myung-Hak once showed to Lee Ji-Yeon, she waved her hands dismissively.</p><p data-uid="7d138ab6-c36b-4f9d-9cc6-e9ca5ca281a9">"Ah, stop it, Yoon-Ho. You're so funny. <em>Haha</em>."</p><p data-uid="79d1d643-ddf0-404c-bcfa-e467ce776dbc">But she seemed to enjoy it way too much despite her words to stop.</p><p data-uid="8e63184b-ea95-4e20-9432-1a1ed00117c5">After feeling reassured once again by Lee Ji-Yeon's strong support, I headed home with Yoo-Jin and Miso.</p><p data-uid="06332e03-5a98-464e-a493-41e6a76f233d">On the way home, Yoo-Jin suddenly remembered something and asked while playing with Miso in the back seat, "Oppa, what do we do about Miso's acting lessons? She got a child actress role, so shouldn't...</p>