---
title: "Chapter 590: At The Jiri Mountain (1)"
weight: 590
---
<p data-uid="73a2df12-3545-4987-b190-427c953b0500"><span>[Everyday V12.2]</span></p><p data-uid="91712a4e-b157-4f13-94c8-19b16e0af22c"><span>[Date: January 26, 2021]</span></p><p data-uid="02f67269-224d-4a2a-852a-0cf527446b86"><span>-10:00 a.m [NEW. Lee Tae-Poong] Emergency helicopter transport to Jinju K Hospital ER. (Other: Contact Tae-Poong's parents.)</span></p><p data-uid="56e5c812-5dd8-46e9-887a-1c7c90982933"><span>I blinked, wondering if I had seen it right, but nothing changed.</span></p><p data-uid="b320f2bc-3811-4a34-a45f-cefb7f09b20d"><span>We had just finished the grueling midwinter shoot of <em>Jiri Mountain</em> and safely handled the murderers who came to Cheonwang Lodge. But of all times, the alert showed that Lee Tae-Poong would get injured badly enough to require helicopter transport on the very last day of filming.</span></p><p data-uid="4dae8294-d07e-4018-a00d-83b5066be693"><span>If I had to urgently contact his parents, that must mean it would be a serious injury.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="75085a63-3ffb-410e-8ee6-c7486d7e9ac8"><span>It was currently 8:20 a.m, so the incident was supposed to happen in one hour and forty minutes. I considered postponing the shoot right away, but <em>Jiri Mountain</em> had already changed cinematographers, caught the murderer, and had been delayed multiple times due to heavy rain.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="aa59a01c-e7e4-4932-8dee-cc148c81c766"><span>We couldn't afford another delay. In that case, the only choice was to act preemptively and eliminate anything that could cause trouble.</span></p><p data-uid="eadb8f84-d563-412e-9708-f7a0f835a761"><span>First, I checked the cue sheet on my phone for today's shooting schedule. The 10 o'clock scene was Scene 122, where the main character Kang Dae-Hyun and his daughter Kang Yung-Ah attempt a desperate escape with their arms tied.</span></p><p data-uid="6121c259-451b-4803-9c70-174870348dd7"><span>At that moment, an idea struck me. If we couldn't cancel today's shoot, then we could at least...</span></p>