---
title: "Chapter 37: A Crisis Is An Opportunity"
weight: 37
---
<p data-uid="d48aea25-b8c5-4616-bb3a-2d14b6644e5b"><em>Knock knock.</em></p><p data-uid="74f72c9d-2ac9-47f3-9aba-d1c3c2327cc7">“Mr. Kang. It’s Yoon-Ho.”</p><p data-uid="77609813-5ea9-47ea-88d2-9d532a59da82">"Yes, come on in."</p><p data-uid="ff9c4224-ff48-42cb-8616-e3562929846f">As I entered the president's office, Kang Gam-Chan's praise followed.</p><p data-uid="d4d2d1a9-ffb2-4ea9-876f-699886cad522">"You did a great job. Thanks to you, we avoided a big mess."</p><p data-uid="2441d54c-4211-485f-b13c-f9aefaa6ac03">Kang Gam-Chan told me I did well and worked hard. His face was full of smiles as he patted my shoulder. He also mentioned that negotiations had concluded well to ensure that the rookie actress, who almost became a victim of a terrible crime, would be protected by making sure her photos were published with a mosaic if needed.</p><p data-uid="81f0d269-2177-420e-a27b-1288afadd35d">Furthermore, he had received a firm response that Choi Jun-Woo would receive the maximum sentence. Even the police and the prosecutor had promised not to inquire about my identity.</p><p data-uid="cfba56e2-f63e-4895-8977-7cc34f6d1f2e">"Ah, and I should give you this first."</p><p data-uid="19224fcf-514d-44ad-908c-5699fb948641">"Huh?"</p><p data-uid="cf82054a-ac23-4a4e-880a-d54c3ad77173">Kang Gam-Chan handed a white envelope to me. When I made a puzzled expression with the envelope in my hand, Kang Gam-Chan opened his mouth.</p><p data-uid="4be40709-6afa-497b-a02b-ff50612afa77">"What are you doing? Check it out. I can only show off if you check it."</p><p data-uid="cc4f7d0c-34e0-4928-819a-d3790e0b6522">What Kang Gam-Chan handed to me in the president's office was a check—but not just any check. It was a million won check. And there were three of them.</p><p data-uid="2b67f1f2-688e-4d0c-b3a6-f6c3445c9bb8">"Three million won?" I asked, not quite understanding the reason behind this unexpected bonus.</p><p data-uid="61211538-d289-4451-9ba2-992ce1bc204f">"It’s a year-end bonus. The Choi Jun-Woo incident was a huge help to the company. It surely silenced those who were grumbling about your promotion."</p><p data-uid="a0a4174a-df52-4c11-a1e4-9b093a5172b0">Thanks to me preventing <em>In the Name of God</em> from going under because of Choi Jun-Woo, Kang Gam-Chan said he had received a firm commitment from Lee Ji-Yeon to cast...</p>