---
title: "Chapter 523: Mbs Acting Awards (1)"
weight: 523
---
<p data-uid="1ce1bf0e-2673-4e7a-b77b-c65ad90a694e"><span>At the red carpet event, Park Yeon-Soo arrived at the MBS Acting Awards wearing a red mosquito-net hat and a cheongsam-style dress covered in various stickers. Despite the shocked expressions of reporters and fans, she held her head high with an air of superiority as if dismissing the public for not understanding high fashion.</span></p><p data-uid="faa8ae2e-50b0-49b8-ab33-8e2ebdb0ef86"><span>Moon Yung-Mi and Lee Yung-Ah exchanged amused looks.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="d30d5bb0-4ba9-4588-a741-6f64d70023d0"><span>Then Moon Yung-Mi smirked and said, "Shall we begin our counterattack?"</span></p><p data-uid="7b2361a9-d312-4019-9eeb-1c1f91e19541"><span>"Yes, Mrs. Moon."</span></p><p data-uid="37588e03-e2f8-404d-b3c4-818a72ebf204"><span>Moon Yung-Mi took out her phone and called LM Apparel's promotion and legal teams. "Chief Choi, it's me. Once Miss Yoo-Jin is on the red carpet, call every reporter. Let's make Jo Jin-Hee and HK Apparel look completely incompetent. Got it?"</span></p><p data-uid="b62e67be-43c0-4e6b-8f1a-b178f590145f"><span>-Yes, ma'am.</span></p><p data-uid="70726273-dc87-41c8-9270-d02b9945f107"><span>Meanwhile, Park Yeon-Soo confidently walked up the red carpet and began her interview. Simultaneously, HK Apparel released articles as if they had been preparing a new brand for a long time.</span></p><p data-uid="ea248385-73b6-4bb6-b862-29e4260b7479"><span>[HK Apparel launches its independent luxury brand, Supreme*HK!]</span></p><p data-uid="b5203095-aeb3-4ff9-aed0-d5f7e18daabd"><span>[HK Apparel unveils its first color-design series: RED.]</span></p><p data-uid="b5e18270-1c70-414d-90f6-7f049ca5116a"><span>[Supreme*HK: Opening a new frontier in design.]</span></p><p data-uid="9b2bf926-c2af-42c3-9b72-261333626098"><span>[TNT Entertainment's rising star, Park Yeon-Soo. Chosen as the new face of Supreme*HK.]</span></p><p data-uid="84441ef3-164e-4d3b-8e78-b2833b298279"><span>Seeing the articles, Moon Yung-Mi looked incredulous. "Mr. Jung, we almost got completely screwed. The designs are just different enough that a lawsuit would have taken ages. Thanks for handling this."</span></p><p data-uid="0e968482-2ba0-4b1a-a429-d9ec72633623"><span>Lee Yung-Ah...</span></p>