---
title: "Chapter 826: Reward"
weight: 826
---
<p data-uid="d1317507-412f-493b-adb0-d905632ecd6f"><span><span>"As compensation for this matter, I'll delegate the full voting rights to the 2% stake LT Entertainment currently holds in Hoop Entertainment."</span></span></p><p data-uid="504ca7a3-7c09-4042-8af5-269402706660"><span><span>LT Entertainment had signed an MOU with Hoop Entertainment, promising future collaboration on content production. They also purchased shares in time for the listing date.</span></span></p><p data-uid="fc04e8b3-5489-4444-a484-db9435142e69"><span><span>However, I had originally heard that LT Entertainment had bought only 0.5% of Hoop Entertainment's shares. At some point, they had quietly acquired an additional 1.5%, now holding a total of 2%.</span></span></p><p data-uid="dbfdeb96-04d3-48e6-b04a-6e741c55aa21"><span><span>And now, Shin Jong-Ki was handing over the voting rights to me. For someone like me, who was trying to protect Hoop Entertainment, it was an invaluable reward—something money couldn't buy. Hoop Entertainment stock was so in demand that it was practically impossible to buy now, even if one wanted to.</span></span></p><p data-uid="147754ce-c7cb-44d9-9d08-4d7bc9fb951f"><span><span>Shin Jong-Ki smiled as he looked at my delighted expression. "I realized it too late. You've been helping and protecting me all this time, and all I did was give you a bit more money. That's nothing. So I thought hard about it and figured the best thing I could give you was the voting rights to Hoop Entertainment shares."</span></span></p><p data-uid="6a448560-87f7-4007-b64a-8fcc5be7a0b7"><span><span>If it had been money, I might have refused. However, this was different.</span></span></p><p data-uid="06d782fe-3801-4cbb-bd2d-782ccdad4349"><span><span>I let out a brief sigh and nodded. "This is too generous for what I've done… but if you're willing to delegate the voting rights, I'll gladly accept."</span></span></p><p data-uid="1ae3e482-7961-4063-8fee-c0e5415425f3"><span><span>Shin Jong-Ki grinned widely."I knew you wouldn't pass up this kind of opportunity. </span><em><span>Oh</span></em><span>, and one more thing. Once I become chairman of LT Inc., I'll hand over ownership of those shares to you too!"</span></span></p><p data-uid="4f368a30-7ae9-4232-b12c-13d2269869aa"><span><span>Shin Jong-Ki was promising to gift me the shares outright once he became chairman of LT Inc. Currently, 1% of Hoop Entertainment shares were valued...</span></span></p>