---
title: "Chapter 553: Na Tae-Yang (2)"
weight: 553
---
<p data-uid="b18fca6e-e676-47e4-bebc-9a47ca765b60"><span>Na Tae-Yang, who made the call, started off with an unexpected apology.</span></p><p data-uid="157831c8-c545-4e68-ac5a-86f501766c9b"><span>-Chief Jung, I'm sorry. Mr. Park Sang-Gyu's acting was incredibly impressive, so I strongly recommended him... but the distributor rejected him without even watching the performance video.</span></p><p data-uid="15ca5102-7e0a-4368-b801-fef7ab321f22"><span>Na Tae-Yang's past projects hadn't succeeded due to poor casting choices. So this time, he decided to use only S-class actors. His sister, Production Chief Na Soo-Ji, had the same opinion.</span></p><p data-uid="a9487ed0-a924-467a-ad46-2d43d902c47c"><span>They planned to select only five S-class actors from the audition videos submitted by today and present them to the distributor's director. However, on the way to the meeting, Na Soo-Ji changed her mind. Park Sang-Gyu's performance kept coming to her mind, so she added his audition video to the S-class selection and handed it to Director Jang Hoon of NEX Media, the distributor.</span></p><p data-uid="818ba40a-a8e4-411d-adcd-6686315e739c"><span>Yet, Jang Hoon didn't even watch Park Sang-Gyu's video and immediately rejected him, saying the actor didn't meet the level.</span></p><p data-uid="f1f7ad5a-7f1f-4753-abd9-2ca7693bd77b"><span>"He didn't even watch the audition video?"</span></p><p data-uid="77f4cb78-fdfb-4520-852b-6785cb09f697"><span>While it wasn't unusual for a distributor to have more power than the director, refusing to even look at the acting was beyond absurd. Still, the silver lining was that Na Tae-Yang acknowledged Park Sang-Gyu's talent.</span></p><p data-uid="b6a03e6a-02a4-4cc6-8415-9e7caaa1e19d"><span>I couldn't just give up, so I was about to ask for one more chance. That's when Na Tae-Yang hesitated before talking about the real reason he called.</span></p><p data-uid="1a11e6dd-cbd4-46ab-aa57-85f5ff2cdf45"><span>-And, uh... this is honestly really awkward to say, but Mr. Jang Hoon from NEX Media Inc. wants to meet you.Would you happen to have time right now?</span></p><p data-uid="4d14c569-ce7a-42b1-a222-e42b426d9aca"><span>"Me? Not Sang-Gyu hyung-nim?"</span></p><p data-uid="48b03bb2-4d37-45e9-8294-654f6c2192dc"><span>-Yes, you,...</span></p>