---
title: "Chapter 451: Behind The Stage"
weight: 451
---
<p data-uid="fbec0934-476c-4927-be39-b5a6aaaddc6d"><span>"Yoon-Ho hyung. You told me that while dyslexia prevents me from reading properly, it's a blessing that allows me to think more deeply. Thanks to your words, I found courage. You also told me that the world's criticisms were whips meant to strengthen me, which gave me hope instead of despair."</span></p><p data-uid="71d82069-fc02-4e57-8dd0-464ffe07b192"><span>As Lee Tae-Poong began his acceptance speech with this calm confession, my heart swelled with emotion. I never imagined he had held onto all the words I had shared with him to help him rise again.</span></p><p data-uid="ed91f8c1-c237-447f-b3b9-b020a8ae8851"><span>Lee Tae-Poong bowed deeply in my direction. "Every time the script was revised, you recorded it for me without a single complaint. I would never have been able to receive this award without your efforts. The fact that I'm standing here today is all thanks to you. Thank you, Yoon-Ho hyung."</span></p><p data-uid="b24abb56-94bf-46ee-b101-cc91652e9b9a"><span>All the time I had spent working for Lee Tae-Poong's success since the regression suddenly felt rewarded all at once. Fighting back overwhelming emotion, I bowed my head slightly toward him in return.</span></p><p data-uid="944e5ad6-0f9e-4263-894c-274633997c70"><span>'</span><em><span>Thank you, Tae-Poong.</span></em><span>'</span></p><p data-uid="656ac695-fe9f-468f-a283-0de2dd21cfc9"><span>After expressing his gratitude toward me, Lee Tae-Poong turned to address his fans for his final words of thanks. "And to the fans who supported me this past year, I promise to work hard to become an even better actor. Thank you."</span></p><p data-uid="d37cac71-b448-4ae3-879a-17e2ca24d342"><span>Standing confidently before the world, actor Lee Tae-Poong concluded his acceptance speech.</span></p><p data-uid="2626210b-7f61-49a0-b4b7-4bf145b70aab"><span>The actors and fans erupted into applause to celebrate Lee Tae-Poong's...</span></p>