---
title: "Chapter 490: Switching Sides (4)"
weight: 490
---
<p data-uid="c5ed2f18-7cbd-4049-aee9-4ed511a1dabf"><span>"The chairman sent us."</span></p><p data-uid="808a217c-5774-40bd-8c8f-1954355ab720"><span>Jin Dae-Woon, the giant of the business world, had practically built Jinseong Inc from the ground up. And that very man was calling for me.</span></p><p data-uid="98136d52-7a43-4375-9917-d590ddc85546"><span>"Mr. Jin Dae-Woon sent you?"</span></p><p data-uid="c0b74d8c-67e3-410e-b463-d36f93822000"><span>"Yes. And I am Park Sang-Gu, Chief of Security Team 2 under Mr. Jin Dae-Woon."</span></p><p data-uid="9ba828a9-c907-4a8f-9d94-cc30e3d61853"><span>Park Sang-Gu greeted me politely. However, his body was tense and ready to use force if necessary. The same went for the six men who had accompanied him.</span></p><p data-uid="2a2f0617-6432-4588-8183-d8ffa1c89482"><span>I had taken every precaution to keep my identity hidden while handling this situation. However, rescuing Park Hee-Joon and the sheer scale of this incident had inevitably drawn Jin Dae-Woon's attention.</span></p><p data-uid="3f21d088-8748-423e-9b06-05cfd2b64dcc"><span>I wasn't afraid of Jin Dae-Woon's summons as I knew about Jinseong Inc's future. However, that didn't mean I was about to go along without knowing the reason.</span></p><p data-uid="ad0d834a-a1c1-49d2-a0b1-71e1a565a516"><span>"Why does the chairman want to see me?"</span></p><p data-uid="70e2af3c-17a2-4d6d-aca8-15be252274a7"><span>Park Sang-Gu looked troubled. "I'm sorry. I just follow orders. Even if I knew the reason, I wouldn't be able to tell you."</span></p><p data-uid="524dd1d9-4faa-4abd-9c2a-dc491b166565"><span>"Then I'm afraid I can't go with you."</span></p><p data-uid="65406dac-5265-425a-a273-c3469239df87"><span>I made my refusal clear and leaned against one of the parking lot's concrete pillars. I needed to hold out until Lee Soo-Chan and my brothers arrived.</span></p><p data-uid="2d37ad06-7ec8-4c0f-84a7-90e84c8ea2ba"><span>Park Sang-Gu furrowed his brow and let out a short sigh. "I know you can fight. I don't want to do this, but I'm not the type to act on bravado..."</span></p><p data-uid="f173ad72-5741-4ee4-adcf-af912d6b2dac"><span>At his signal, the six men in suits advanced toward me. I couldn't even tell which one I should take...</span></p>