---
title: "Chapter 377: Go Jae-Soo (2)"
weight: 377
---
<p data-uid="e052e20a-7802-431c-9f97-dcae504fc680"><span>The actor I had in mind for the role of the psychopath, Oh Myung-Jin, in <em>Jiri Mountain </em>was Go Jae-Soo.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="49239b9b-9b71-44fc-9428-9a829fe6f8a6"><span>Go Jae-Soo could not stand up for himself and endured unfair treatment from AD Yang Hyun-Jong on set. This was because he had spent six years at TK Entertainment with only minor and supporting roles, which eroded his confidence.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="ef5a5258-b8dd-470a-a007-dee85b267df5"><span>He was not only plagued by the fear of losing his roles but also burdened with the reality of making a living. The weight of reality was crushing his acting dreams. Nonetheless, Go Jae-Soo could deliver a stellar performance with the right role and encouragement.&nbsp;</span></p><p data-uid="76ae7ae0-ddb0-46fc-a33d-cfeb6b61ab68"><span>I shouted at Yang Hyun-Jong who was berating Go Jae-Soo as useless. "Mr. Yang, don't you think you're being a bit harsh to the actor?"</span></p><p data-uid="de8f28cf-4716-4ef8-a149-c8face7559de"><span>As I raised my voice, Yang Hyun-Jong snapped back irritably. "And who are you, huh?"</span></p><p data-uid="bbed57a1-9644-4091-87d3-a54fb0bdaf39"><span>Some of the staff on set recognized me, but Yang Hyun-Jong did not.</span></p><p data-uid="a1fcc40a-c169-44a0-b48a-cb1e3d0aaf89"><span>"I'm a talent agent."</span></p><p data-uid="099085db-38df-4ed7-96d5-5882a9278825"><span>"Talent agent? Oh, so the agency finally assigned him a talent agent, huh? Well, tell your actor he doesn't need to come back tomorrow. Honestly, these nobodies act as if they're something."</span></p><p data-uid="06e402e4-e4b8-4ab0-a9a5-8720f5e287d3"><span>Go Jae-Soo's face turned pale at the sudden dismissal. "Mr. Yang, please, I..."</span></p><p data-uid="d0fa44ea-8276-45da-a807-90fa2d508433"><span>Yang Hyun-Jong interrupted Go Jae-Soo before he could finish. "I only hired you because you claimed you'd do anything for a role, and now you backstab me? Hey! Don't let me see...</span></p>